<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>More detailed content warnings for The Homestuck Epilogues</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>More detailed content warnings for The Homestuck Epilogues</h1>
<p>Originally published by Kate Mitchell at <a href="https://medium.com/@kate_mitchell/homestuck-epilogues-content-warnings-2a7596bd0ad2">https://medium.com/@kate_mitchell/homestuck-epilogues-content-warnings-2a7596bd0ad2</a></p>
<p>&#160;<em>The Homestuck Epilogues</em>
 (2019) are a work for mature readers, including sensitive subjects. 
They are a work of great empathy and surprisingly essential commentary 
on these tough subjects, while maintaining the sudden flippancy and 
tension-resolving absurd humor familiar to readers of <em>Homestuck</em>.</p>
<p>The
 content warnings presented as follows should not be taken as a reason 
not to read the work or negative commentary on the work, but are instead
 intended as a guide for minors and those with traumatic triggers. These
 individuals should discuss the content of <em>The Homestuck Epilogues</em> with a trusted adult before reading.</p>
<p>The
 entire work contains canon-typical language (including gendered slurs 
such as ‘bitch’ and ‘pussy’), violence, comic mischief, and joking 
innuendo.</p>
<p>Chapter-by-chapter warnings follow. Meat’s warnings were compiled by Kate Mitchell. Candy’s warnings were compiled by Pip D.</p>
<h1 id="pro">Prologue</h1>
<ul><li>Drug and alcohol abuse is discussed.</li>
<li>Severe headaches and illness are discussed.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="pro1.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h1>Meat</h1>
<h2 id="m2">Meat 2</h2>
<ul><li>A major character death in the past is discussed.</li>
<li>Eugenics and fascism are discussed.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat2.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m6">Meat 6</h2>
<ul><li>An underage character winks at an adult.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat6.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m10">Meat 10</h2>
<ul><li>Alcohol is discussed.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat10.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m11">Meat 11</h2>
<ul><li>Depression is discussed.</li>
</ul>

<p><a href="meat.11xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br /><h2 id="m12">Meat 12</h2>
<ul><li>Genitalia are discussed.</li>
<li>A character makes a relationship proposition.</li>
<li>A character is scolded for slut-shaming.</li>
<li>Polyamory is discussed.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat12.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m13">Meat 13</h2>
<ul><li>A character suffers serious injury.</li>
<li>Blood.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat13.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m14">Meat 14</h2>
<ul><li>A character attempts seduction.</li>
<li>Alcohol is consumed.</li>
<li>Characters “make out.”</li>
<li>A character is described as “horny.”</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat14.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m15">Meat 15</h2>
<ul><li>Death.</li>
<li>Characters suffer serious injury.</li>
<li>Blood.</li>
<li>Vore is discussed.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat15.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m16">Meat 16</h2>
<ul><li>Headaches and serious illness are discussed.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat16.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m18">Meat 18</h2>
<ul><li>Vomit.</li>
<li>Blood.</li>
<li>Serious injury.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat18.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m19">Meat 19</h2>
<ul><li>A character is accidentally misgendered.</li>
<li>Characters discuss gender identity and presentation.</li>
<li>A character faints.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat19.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m21">Meat 21</h2>
<ul><li>Characters discuss racism.</li>
<li>An animal is described giving birth in detail.</li>
<li>Characters discuss fascism.</li>
<li>Characters discuss eugenics.</li>
<li>Characters discuss pregnancy.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat21.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m22">Meat 22</h2>
<ul><li>Vomit.</li>
<li>Serious injury.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat22.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m24">Meat 24</h2>
<ul><li>Serious injury.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat24.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m25">Meat 25</h2>
<ul><li>A character potentially engages in mind control.</li>
<li>A characters says another character is their possession.</li>
<li>Migraines and serious illness are discussed.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat25.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m28">Meat 28</h2>
<ul><li>Serious injury.</li>
<li>Blood.</li>
<li>Pica.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat28.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m30">Meat 30</h2>
<ul><li>Mind control is discussed.</li>
<li>Eugenics are discussed.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat30.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m31">Meat 31</h2>
<ul><li>Serious injury.</li>
<li>Blood and gore.</li>
<li>A character performs surgery.</li>
<li>Characters “make out.”</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat31.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m32">Meat 32</h2>
<ul><li>A character misgenders another.</li>
<li>A character discusses their evolving relationship with gender and presentation.</li>
<li>Characters discuss coming out and sexuality.</li>
<li>Characters discuss stomach pumping.</li>
<li>A syringe is used.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat32.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m33">Meat 33</h2>
<ul><li>Rough sex mention.</li>
<li>Blood.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat33.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m34">Meat 34</h2>
<ul><li>Sex and promiscuity are discussed.</li>
<li>Mention of possible mind control or mental influence.</li>
<li>Vomit mention.</li>
<li>Mention of arousal.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat34.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m35">Meat 35</h2>
<ul><li>Blood.</li>
<li>Serious injury.</li>
<li>Death.</li>
<li>Mention of sex.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat35.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m36">Meat 36</h2>
<ul><li>A character is comatose.</li>
<li>A character is misgendered.</li>
<li>A character’s gender presentation is judged.</li>
<li>Depression mention.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat36.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m37">Meat 37</h2>
<ul><li>A character suffers from severe illness.</li>
<li>Mention of possible mind control or mental influence.</li>
<li>A syringe is used.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat37.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m38">Meat 38</h2>
<ul><li>Alcohol use.</li>
<li>Discussion of addiction and substance abuse.</li>
<li>Sex mention.</li>
<li>Depression mention.</li>
<li>A character attempts and fails to coerce two other characters into kissing.</li>
<li>Kissing.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat38.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m39">Meat 39</h2>
<ul><li>A first-person colloquial description of arousal.</li>
<li>Parenthood is discussed.</li>
<li>Death of a child is discussed.</li>
<li>Kissing.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat39.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m40">Meat 40</h2>
<ul><li>A character is comatose.</li>
<li>A syringe is used.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat40.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m41">Meat 41</h2>
<ul><li>Discussion of suicide.</li>
<li>Colloquial mention of genitalia.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat41.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m42">Meat 42</h2>
<ul><li>Discussion of kidnapping.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat42.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="m43">Meat 43</h2>
<ul><li>A character is comatose.</li>
<li>A character’s weight is referred to derogatorily.</li>
<li>Characters discuss incest speculatively and negatively.</li>
<li>Characters speculate about the sexuality of other characters.</li>
<li>Childbirth is discussed.</li>
<li>A character’s gender presentation is discussed by another in a derogatory way.</li>
<li>Characters discuss kidnapping speculatively.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat43.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="mp">Meat Postscript</h2>
<ul><li>Gore.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="meat_ps.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />

<h1>Candy</h1>
<h2 id="c6">Candy 6</h2>
<ul><li>Attempted sexual coercion.</li>
<li>Alcoholism.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="candy6.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="c7">Candy 7</h2>
<ul><li>Strongly misogynistic and sexually objectifying language.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="candy7.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="c12">Candy 12</h2>
<ul><li>Extremely dubious/nonexistent consent.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="candy12.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="c14">Candy 14</h2>
<ul><li>A character dies by suicide.</li>
<li>Gore.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="candy14.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="c18">Candy 18</h2>
<ul><li>Casual discussion of population control and genocidal policy.</li>
<li>Dubiously consensual groping.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="candy18.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="c19">Candy 19</h2>
<ul><li>Allusion to child neglect.</li>
<li>Discussion of rape, abuse and coercion by concerned parties.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="candy19.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="c23">Candy 23</h2>
<ul><li>Discussion of kidnapping, proposed by a concerned party.</li>
<li>Implied child neglect.</li>
<li>Conjecture of child sexual abuse by a concerned party.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="candy23.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="c32">Candy 32</h2>
<ul><li>Graphic descriptions of violence.</li>
<li>Significant age difference.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="candy32.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
<br />
<h2 id="c35">Candy 35</h2>
<ul><li>Attempted sexual coercion of a minor by an adult.</li>
<li>Attempted blackmail of a minor by an adult.</li>
<li>Murder.</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="candy35.xhtml">↩︎</a></p>
</body>
</html>