<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 17</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s17'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 17</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">T</span>hree
      months later, John is still thinking about his last conversation
      with Terezi. It’s kind of impossible not to, when Rose and Kanaya
      keep saying the name “Vriska” every five minutes. He really thought
      they were done with hearing about Vriska all the time, but
      apparently Rose and Kanaya were intent on breathing new life into
      that tradition.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Vriska, don’t chew on your chair’s dinner
      tray.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Darling She Is Only A Grub She Hasnt Yet
      Grown Her Aural Canals</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yes, but I believe strongly that we should
      get in the habit of speaking to her like an adult. It will be good
      for her social development.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Is That How Your Mother Raised You</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I would have loved it if my mother spoke more
      frankly with me. But she was...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Let’s just say, a rather awkward person.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Er. No offense, Roxy.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lmao none taken</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i cant even imagine all the ways id fuck up a
      kid in a timeline where i didnt sort out my drinking tbh</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Oh, you weren’t awful.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I just have...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: How do you always put it, dear?</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: A Penchant For Melodrama</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: well yeah</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ur dad made sure he got some of himself in
      u</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I suppose he did.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">And then everyone in the room observes a
      moment of silence for their dear, departed friend, Dirk Strider.
      Except for John, who takes advantage of the solemn distraction to
      anxiously tap at his phone. He’d sent Terezi a text an hour ago,
      when Roxy was fixing her makeup in her compact. He’s not sure why
      he feels the need to hide the fact that he’s talking to her. It’s
      not like there’s anything untoward about what he’s doing. Just
      texting an old friend. What’s wrong with that? Nothing at all, he
      thinks, as he closely monitors his silent, praying wife, ready to
      stash the phone in his pocket the moment she shows the slightest
      sign of movement.</p>
      <p>She lifts her head to speak. He’s like Houdini with that
      phone.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: damn i still cant believe dirks gone tho</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yes, it was so sudden.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: But the best we can do to honor him is simply
      to move on with our lives.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I’m sure it’s what he would have wanted.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: huh?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John shoots Rose a weird look. She smiles back
      benignly, then goes to collect her troll daughter from her booster
      seat. She holds baby Vriska close to her chest and leans over to
      give Kanaya a kiss on the cheek. The precious grub is framed
      between them, and the two wives are ringed in a halo of pale light
      at the peak of this magical moment. It should be a beautiful image,
      but something about it roils John’s gut. Rose sits back down,
      cradles Vriska in one arm, and begins to unbutton the top of her
      shirt with the other. John instinctively finds something else to
      look at. Anything. His fidgeting hands will do.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Have You Two Thought About What To Name
      Your Grubs</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its just one grub lol</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Oh Thats A Relief</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Ive Actually Been Very Worried About Your
      Wellbeing Considering How Human Grubs Are Born</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: errrr</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: why</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Well Dont They Have To Eat Their Way Out
      Of The Womb</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Kanaya...</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Its What Karkat Told Me</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Karkat gets all his information on humanity
      from the movies. And Dave, which is even worse than the movies.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wait a fucking minute.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what MOVIES are they watching??</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Nothing too graphically misleading, I
      suspect.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I equally suspect that any time there’s a
      human birthing moment on camera, Karkat probably turns away, too
      disgusted to watch, while Dave continues filling his ear with more
      lies about human biology.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: lol.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Then</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Was Given Inaccurate Information</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yes.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Whew</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: If that was true, how would our species have
      survived? We would have had a one hundred percent maternal
      mortality rate during childbirth.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Yes I Forgot How Primitive Medical
      Technology Was On Your Planet</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Then How Are Humans Born</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Use your head for a moment, darling.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: ...</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: ...</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Oh I See</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lmao</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I’m sorry, John. All this girl talk must be
      making you uncomfortable.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: can we change the subject to something less
      gross and weird?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: pff</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: wuss</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: is vriska really the name you’re going
      with?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Kanaya gives John an inquisitive, wide-eyed
      look. As if there could be no conceivable reason for someone to ask
      this question.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Yes Of Course</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Why would we change her name when she’s
      nearly a year old?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well it’s not like it would hurt or anything.
      didn’t kanaya just say she doesn’t have ears yet?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: omg john dont be rude</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m not trying to be rude!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i just think it’s a little... weird.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Dont See Why I Mean She Is Practically
      A Clone Of Vriska</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh, yeah kanaya, i know.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s why it’s weird!</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I appreciate your concern, John. But it’s not
      that weird to name a child after an important figure from your
      youth.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: What were you thinking of naming your own
      child?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John hesitates, adjusts his glasses for want
      of something to do with his hands. This is a conversation he’s been
      dragging his heels on for months. Back when Roxy first got pregnant
      it was all they talked about it, but now that she’s so close to the
      due date, all the subject does is make his pulse go shaky.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: um...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: harry anderson egbert</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: roxy! we hadn’t...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, i didn’t think we were decided on
      that.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i dunno you seemed p set on it</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He was. What’s bugging him about it is that
      Roxy didn’t seem to have any suggestions of her own. Rose stops
      breastfeeding Vriska, and hands her off to Kanaya. She comes to sit
      beside John, setting a hand on his knee. She speaks kindly.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Wasn’t that the guy from Night Court?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: which was...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: A show that reminds you of your father.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I think that in this new world we’ve created,
      it’s important to carry the torch of what we’ve left behind us.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: We must name the next generation for the
      fallen heroes that we admire.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wait. we ADMIRE vriska now?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It’s true that Vriska was a controversial
      figure even at the best of times, but...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: She did defeat Lord English, John.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">This remark seems to cure John of his shaky
      pulse problem, if only because for a moment his heart seems to stop
      beating altogether. It shocks him in a way that causes him to feel
      the planet turning under his feet. He whips his head up to look at
      Rose intently. She seems alert. Her gaze is precise. She doesn’t
      seem ill, or off, or confused at all.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: no she... didn’t?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: vriska didn’t defeat lord english.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose doesn’t say anything. No one says
      anything.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: rose, no one knows what happened to lord
      english.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Of course we do. Vriska used the juju and her
      accompanying ghost army to defeat him.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Why else would we be here?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t think that’s what actually happened
      though!</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Then What Did Happen John</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i... i JUST said!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no one knows!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: rose, come on... you’re the one who told me
      all this!</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I told you what?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: about a year ago. you were feeling bad, and
      asked me to come over.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and then you gave me this big speech about
      canon, and being like, OUTSIDE canon, and NOT canon, and other shit
      like timelines, and fate and...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and my anime dreams!</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: That’s all in the past, John.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Everything worked out in the end.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Why are you getting so upset about this?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you gave me a list of instructions and told
      me that i had to use my retcon powers to go back to a very specific
      point in time to defeat lord english when he was still just a
      kid.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and you told me that i HAD to do this to...
      to validate the sequence of reality?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but i didn’t.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i was all ready to go. i... i thought i was
      going to die, honestly.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but then YOU...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John swivels around to point a finger at his
      wife. It comes across as more accusatory than he means it to
      be.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: roxy, you and calliope told me that i had a
      choice!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and i MADE my choice, which is why i ended up
      staying.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but did it really all “work out in the
      end”?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: if i didn’t stop lord english, then...
      then...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: are we even really here at all???</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The three gals in the room exchange a series
      of concerned glances. Do they truly think he’s crazy? Are they
      hiding something from him? John can feel himself trembling. It’s
      not possible that he’s remembering this wrong, is it? It can’t be.
      If he presses his eyes shut, he can still see the lines of the
      black hole cracking space apart around him. It seemed like such a
      big deal at the time, and then suddenly it felt like nothing at
      all. Why?</p>
      <p>Roxy leans over and sets a cool hand on John’s forehead.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: u doin ok there babe</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m fine!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You’re the ones not doing okay, he nearly
      shouts, but then realizes it’s just going to make him sound crazier
      than he already looks. He brushes Roxy’s hand away and stands
      abruptly, looking woozy and sweating at the temples. His skin is
      tight and clammy, too hot and too cold all at once.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i just... need some fresh air.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: want me to come with u</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i... i mean, no. i need a moment alone.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think i’m just getting those um, you
      know...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: new dad jitters!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: haha, that must be it.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: oh of course that makes sense</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: take care of urself hon</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John grabs his coat and sprints out of the
      hive. He vaults into the air and follows the breeze up, coasting
      over the treeline and out of the troll suburb that Kanaya and Rose
      have made their home in. Furiously, he begins typing on his
      phone.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: terezi. i know that you’ve got important
      stuff to do out there in paradox space, but i really need to hear
      from you.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: on my side it’s been months since we’ve last
      talked, and i can’t figure out if it’s because i said something
      wrong, or...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: if it’s because something terrible happened
      to you.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: things here on earth are...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John shuts his eyes for a moment and takes a
      deep breath. The breeze that rattles over the forest seems foul,
      somehow. Stale, like air that’s been recycled multiple times
      over.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: they’re not great.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, on the surface everything is
      fantastic! everyone’s so happy and it finally seems like we’re all
      making real progress as adults.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but at the same time...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: everyone is also acting crazy!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i feel like i’m the only sane person left in
      this entire universe.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m the only one who seems to... care about
      anything?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, care about anything... BIGGER.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: bigger than like, what to name a baby, or
      who’s stuck in a terrible relationship with who.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh my god, this probably sounds so
      pathetic.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: terezi, i’m seriously pathetic.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s so selfish of me to even be messaging
      you at all.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’ve got a beautiful wife who loves me, but
      it’s not enough. i can’t even talk to her about what we’re going to
      name our stupid kid without it turning into some weird thing where
      she just goes along with whatever i want.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: even when all i want is for her to want
      something different than what i want!!!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok, wait, i take that back. our kid’s not
      stupid.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well, ok, he hasn’t been born yet, so maybe
      he’ll turn out to be stupid eventually. what do i know?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: anyway, the point is, i’m just popping off on
      random things at people who don’t deserve it, because i’m really
      upset right now.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: not at anyone in particular... probably just
      at myself.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like, wow, can you believe how shitty i’m
      being right now?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you could be dead for all i know, yet here i
      am begging for your attention even though my life is perfect.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but i don’t know who else i can talk to. even
      rose is acting weird all of sudden.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i guess what i’m trying to say is...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’re the only thing that still makes sense
      to me, terezi.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: right now i... i just really need you.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: please come make some sense at me...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John notices his fingers are shaking. He makes
      a conscious effort to keep them still, and exhales. Come make some
      sense at me? Good lord. He’s got to pull it together, before he
      blurts out something really embarrassing. He braces himself, as if
      splashing an imaginary glass of cold water in his own face, and
      reminds himself once again that he has a wonderful life. A perfect
      life. He’s HAPPY, god damn it.</p>
      <p>He’s about to pocket his phone when he catches some movement at
      the bottom corner of the screen. It’s an indication that someone is
      typing.</p>
      <p>He stops breathing until the text actually appears.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: OK4Y LOS3R, T3LL M3 WH4T H4PP3N3D TH1S
      T1M3</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>