<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 38</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s38'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 38</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">R</span>oxy tugs
      at a piece of hair behind her ear with one hand as she checks the
      time on her phone with the other.</p>
      <p>John’s not late, but Roxy’s run out of things to do except wait
      for him, which is both cosmically appropriate and annoying. It’s
      not like she’d been cleaning up for his visit or anything. More
      just wandering through the house, looking at everything through his
      hypothetical eyes. Things that changed since he left. Things that
      stayed the same.</p>
      <p>She figured there’d be some point when they talked face to face
      again, what with the vast expanse of time laid out in front of them
      and all. But she’d still been surprised when Jake arranged a
      “friendly visit” and ended up asking, in hushed tones, if she’d be
      willing to see John again.</p>
      <p>She’d been open to it from the start, but Jake insisted on this
      absurd sequence of clandestine meetings to ensure that they’d be
      “safe” from Jane’s “watchful eye.” It took an exhausting degree of
      assurance for her to convince them that John could just come over,
      and that Jane didn’t have the house bugged, and she wasn’t about to
      come and have him thrown in prison for having the audacity to want
      to see his own family. Now that the day of the reunion has arrived,
      Roxy is just ready to get on with it.</p>
      <p>The knock on the door is almost too quiet to hear. She exhales,
      fluttering her overgrown bangs, and goes to answer.</p>
      <p>He’s even beefier than she remembered, but his posture is turned
      in on itself like he’s trying to seem small. God, this had better
      not be another self-flagellation fest. She’s prepared to handle a
      fair few apologies, but there has always been a cyclicity to John’s
      contrition, and she can only handle so many self-absorbed attempts
      at communicating remorse before her head starts feeling like it’ll
      float away from her body.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: sup john</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: long time no see</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John smiles at her through his hair as he
      waves hello: one quick slice of his hand through the air, twisting
      at the wrist. It comes off as shy and boyish instead of hangdog. A
      good sign. Maybe her jokey casual approach is the right one. That
      would be handy, because that’s really the best angle she’s got.</p>
      <p>She mirrors the movement with her own hand and steps aside for
      him to come in.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: well alright then pal</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i do believe u know the way to the living
      room</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, yep.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: thanks.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He clears his throat and follows her gesture.
      She walks a little behind him, watching his eyes catch on the
      things she expected—a coat rack covered in scarves, the wall of
      family photos, a super badass sculpture some chess guys made for
      her that John always said was “weirdly sexual, for them.” He looks
      at it now like it’s something from an almost forgotten dream. Roxy
      sighs.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: sorry for staring like an idiot.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i just got done with a whole week of feeling
      weird about hanging out in my dad’s old house again.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: I kind of forgot to think about how it would
      be surreal coming back here, too.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: some kind of nostalgia whiplash, i guess.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: fair enough yo</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She faces him, seated cross-legged on the
      couch a polite distance away. He looks past her, almost through
      her, like he usually does. She knows him well enough to know what
      he’s politely not asking.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: harry andersons out if u were wonderin</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hell scoot back home later so if you make it
      thru round 1 of awkward ex-family convos im happy to say you can be
      rewarded with another</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, cool.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’d like to see him, if…</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: if it’s okay with both of you.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ya we chatted bout it</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but like i said</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: one thing at a time</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lets me n u tear this ol egbert/lalonde
      estrangement band-aid right the fuck off n see what we got goin on
      underneath it</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John laughs, and there’s a shadowed flicker of
      warmth to it. Roxy immediately wants to fan it—to make him laugh
      for real—but she knows by now that it’s not her job to make him
      happy. That was something she gave up on years ago. But wanting to?
      That feeling is still as fresh as it always was.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: sounds like a plan.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so, uh.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’ve been doing a lot of thinking
      recently.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and i’ve realized some things.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: some stuff that involves you and some that
      doesn’t, but all things i think you deserve to know.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: whew.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok lemme think where to start...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you know how jake left jane?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, i assume you know.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: though, uh, no offense, but jane’s version
      might be...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: skewed.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: oh lmao nah i didnt hear it from janey</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: harry anderson filled me in on wat he got
      thru the teen grapevine</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: are you guys not...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: nevermind.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m sorry, i came to apologize for my shit,
      not pry into your business.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: we don’t have to talk about jane if you don’t
      want to.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Roxy shrugs. She’s still working through what
      she feels about distancing herself from Jane, but John actually
      isn’t the worst person she could talk to about it. If he’s truly
      about to be real with her for the first time in forever, she might
      as well try to meet him halfway.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: janey n me havent been super tight of
      late</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ah.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what about politics not coming between
      friends and all that?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lmao well turns out sometimes someones
      politics make it p clear what kind of friends they value</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: or dont</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and idk sometimes people you used to like
      when you were a teen grow up to be assholes or w/e!!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i think i was clingin to somethin just to
      prove to myself that i was doin stuff right</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ol rolal</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hella normal</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: v good at sticking with friends</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: the more i thought abt it the more i figured
      holdin on to that one thing made me lose out on some other shit</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: u might relate</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: haha, you got me there i guess.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: anyways</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: im not tryna take up all ur big speech time
      w/ my stuff</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: you were tellin me about how jake n janey
      finally went splitsways and how it gave you some kind of
      epiphany</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, it’s cool!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m glad to hear it.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: we can come back to your shit after my shit,
      maybe.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but yeah, jake, he uh...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: he and tavros are living with me now.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think for the foreseeable future. we were
      expecting jane to have kind of a fit about it, but all we’ve gotten
      so far are some divorce papers.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: if she knows where jake is and she hasn’t had
      a drone fleet dispatched to nuke my house off the planet i think
      that’s a good sign she’s actually just letting them go?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: which is kind of surprising, but, uh. good, i
      guess.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ok ill b the first 2 admit that janes turned
      into kind of a jerk lately but u no shes not actually like</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: literally evil</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lol</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s debatable!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: sry to disappoint but janes just a person and
      you cant actually blame her for everything that went wrong in our
      marriage like i was her helpless thrall or somethin</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s not what i was saying...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ok neither of us came here to argue about
      janey did we</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’re right. let’s just not talk about
      her.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yea</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: anyway...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’ve been doing a lot of thinking about how
      things got to be like they are.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i guess i’ll just come out and say it.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i completed fucked up your entire life.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m not going to pretend like there are two
      sides here. it’s my bad, totally.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like, not just what happened to our marriage,
      though it’s also true that that’s completely my fault.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but even before that...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think i fucked up on just this massive,
      fundamental level, and it’s what i did—</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: or, well, what i didn’t do—</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that caused every stupid bullshit thing about
      the way this world is.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: none of this was supposed to be this way.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: honestly, it doesn’t feel right that we got
      married at all, does it?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: your life was heading in this whole other
      direction with callie, and i just...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i dunno. i just kind of took that from
      you.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think i ended up taking a lot of decisions
      from a lot of people.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: everything took a backseat to what i
      wanted.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: whatever cosmic significance the lives here
      do or don’t have, all the pointless suffering i’ve created is...
      inhumane. and—</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: oh nah ill stop u rite there my man</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She feels a little bit bad cutting him off.
      This conversational space they’ve carved out for themselves is
      balanced on a tenuous trust, and she doesn’t want to scare him
      away. It’s just that she could feel his whole speech gathered up
      inside him, poised to gush out in a long rote ramble, and it’s
      frankly just. Some bullshit. She knows more than he does, and she
      doesn’t need to hear it. She’s not a kid anymore, and she doesn’t
      have to pretend someone else is right just to keep the peace if she
      doesn’t want to.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: im sorry john ilu but this is some hot
      steamin horseshit</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what?!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John’s gaze slides over to focus sharply on
      her face for maybe the first time since he showed up on her
      doorstep. Goosebumps trail down her shoulders, but she doesn’t let
      the closeness of it distract her from her frustration.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its some real jerkoff emoji stuff is all im
      sayin!!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: you think you choice mattered so much that no
      one elses could measure up?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: n then what</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: did u get what u wanted?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: did your life end and the points got tallied
      and you came out on top or like what?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: still p much seems like were movin to me</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and you sure dont seem like ur winnin so
      wheres all this good shit you got that you gotta go around handin
      out apologies for?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: also damn dude while were at it!!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: u forgot to actually say sorry in that
      apology!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, i didn’t — i just meant...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m sorry for fucking up your life, or making
      it not—</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i like my life!!!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i mean it aint perf and i got my share of
      fuckups n mistakes in there but you dont get to tell me its fucked
      up</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: or that it isnt real or somethin</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its mine!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">So much for the jokey, comfortable approach.
      She tilts her chin up and tries to breathe evenly as she holds eye
      contact. He’s been looking at her, really looking at her, and she
      doesn’t want to blink, just in case that shatters it. John doesn’t
      respond. He just sits there with his mouth hanging open, staring.
      He blinks a few times, slow, but he’s still focused completely on
      her. The corners of his still-open mouth pull themselves up
      helplessly into a smile.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: uh</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: wat r u lookin at me like that for?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, i’m sorry.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s just...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i used to be so angry that you wouldn’t tell
      me what you really thought, before.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: not like i wanted to FIGHT fight, but
      like.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m just not used to this flavor of roxy.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hm</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: sounds to me like u just disproved ur own
      hotshot theory then genius</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: huh?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: you wished i was one way the whole time we
      were married</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but i wasnt</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but now that youre all convinced ur the only
      real boy in a crowd o puppets</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: here i am bein me just like you ordered only
      i did it without your help</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: widen ur zoom my man!!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: im not actin like this now because you want
      me to or bc you dont want me to</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i was bad at standin up for myself then and
      im learnin to be good at it now</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ive got my own self actualization train</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ur just pullin in to one of my many roxy
      figures some shit out stations right as i built it</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you were never like that before i...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: dude</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: where tf do u get off trying to decide what
      is or isnt me being “like me” enuff</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: do u think ppl stay the same their whole damn
      lives or what</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’ve really never felt like anything about
      our lives here was... off?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: off from what exactly??</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: the way things should be?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: what does that mean???</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John’s mouth opens and closes. It seems
      there’s something stuck in the spokes of his rhetorical tire. Roxy
      can see the gears struggling to turn in his head. She almost feels
      bad for him.</p>
      <p>Roxy lets herself take a moment. She doesn’t want to reassure
      him with lies, to tell him he’s never fucked anything up in his
      life. But she doesn’t want to twist the knife of blame further into
      him than it needs to go. So she shrugs, looks her ex-husband in the
      eyes, and tells him the truth.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i mean i felt... somethin i guess</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but its not just you</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: youve never been the only player in this game
      u kno</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: do u not remember who all was there when this
      all kicked off?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: me n callie wouldna told u u had a choice if
      it was all just some meaningless bs</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its not like i was ever some master seer of
      all that ever was or will be but i do know a lil bit abt what
      coulda gone down if things were different</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and u know what</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i like the way things turned out just fuckin
      fine</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: so maybe u could stop wastin precious
      eternity thinkin ur so special that its ur fault everyones not
      perfectly happy</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John is quiet. Roxy has more to say, maybe.
      More things she’s half thought about, but never quite put words to,
      regarding the paths her life could have taken. This has already
      been a lot of truth for one moment, though, so she pats John’s knee
      and walks to the kitchen for some water.</p>
      <p>A glass in each hand, Roxy leans against the counter, breathing.
      She’s still running on the adrenaline of getting all that out, and
      the surface of the water trembles with it. She watches the ripples,
      watches her hands. She wonders if they will ever wrinkle.</p>
      <p>When she sits back down next to John, he takes the glass
      wordlessly. After a minute of reflective sipping, which she is
      grateful for, he speaks.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i just kept wanting to find ways to make
      everything make sense, you know?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but maybe it just fucking doesn’t.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i know we became grownups in a world built
      specifically n cosmically for us</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: so i get wanting to find a pattern in
      everything</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but not everything has 2 b that deep</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: n when u think abt it</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lookin at it that way, like evrythin has to
      be this elaborately purposeful heroic design to be worthwhile</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: is actually p shallow</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, i guess.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John stretches, scratches the back of his head
      like an anime love interest, and lets out one mindfucked exhale of
      a laugh. His features are droopy, his whole body tired from the
      mental wringer he just went through, but he’s still looking at her
      for real. Fondness surges through her. Not in a way where she fears
      the reignition of any romantic feeling. It’s just that she
      understands him. And he’s starting to understand her. It’s
      comfortable the way an old t-shirt you thought you lost but
      discovered in the back of the closet is comfortable. Smells mostly
      musty, but still enough like home to knock you right on your
      ass.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m sorry. it’s just so hard to not feel like
      a total asshole.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: maybe i’m not some grand vizier of destroying
      time and space or whatever.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but we KNOW that there’s a canon timeline out
      there.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and it seems really obvious to me that we
      aren’t in it anymore.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: so what</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: “so what”???</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yea</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: so what</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: tf do i care that theres some other reality
      out there some1 arbitrarily decided was the “real” one</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: whats that have to do with the life i have
      now</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: what is there actually that makes this one
      mean less than that one to the ppl who r actually in it</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you never feel like it would’ve been better
      if things had gone a different way?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: magic or no, i could have done a lot
      differently, for you especially.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: stuck around, or... fuck.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: stayed out of your way to begin with.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: let you and callie do your thing, or do
      whatever it was you seemed to be headed off to do.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i just didn’t expect it to be me,
      after...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Roxy wrinkles her nose. Thinking about all the
      lives she could have led makes her feel dizzy.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: nah dont say that</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i mean i accept ur apology this time but</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: theres obvs all kinds of ways shit coulda
      gone</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and tbh back then</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: with her...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: mostly i think i just wanted to do stuff
      right</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: not that i knew wtf that even meant lmao</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: which was prob the problem lmao lmao lmao</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: just like</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: we had this big fresh as hell start at bein
      people!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i had all these conflictin thoughts abt how
      to be me in the first place</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: like what it meant to date a beautiful skull
      alien</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: sexualitywise and genderwise and person in
      generalwise</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: for a while there i didnt know if i wanted
      ppl to think of me as a woman at all</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ah, i didn’t know.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well, i guess maybe i wondered?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but the way young idiot me would have
      wondered, so not that deeply.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and it seemed like you’d forgotten all about
      it when we got together.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i hadnt forgotten about it</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: do you want to talk about it...?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i coulda told you then but i kinda felt
      embarrassed abt flip floppin with my identity i think</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: mean it isnt like i grew up with big
      airquotes society tellin me what was right n wrong like u did</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: so it wasnt any kind of shamefest</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: just a lot of abstract hypotheticals wed only
      just started talking about and never got very far into</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: just idk i thought i might do things one way
      but then i stopped hangin out with callie as much</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its not like i stopped thinkin abt it</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: or her</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but it never rly came up with anyone else and
      i didnt rly feel like i could talk abt it with you so i never
      brought it up again</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m really sorry you felt that way, roxy.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its ok its not ur fault</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but you don’t regret it?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: not going for that stuff, and instead just...
      marrying me?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m not asking so you can absolve me, i’m
      just impressed.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: how do you not second guess every choice you
      make?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i havent stuck my head in the timeline vortex
      like u have so i dunno what its like to see other options</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i just do things the best way i think to do
      em and then shrug n hope it works out?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Roxy thinks about time and the spirals of
      choice that hang just outside her periphery, and the vertigo grows.
      She rolls the word “regret” around in her brain; she feels it on
      her tongue. John waits.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i dont think i can regret anything</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: theres not only one right way to be me
      imo</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i like the me i am</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its not like i went n decided “actually hell
      ya love to be a woman n do all the shit on the woman checklist”</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i get that thats prob what it looks like
      outside of my own self but i dont care abt that</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: sorry lol im not good at this whole explainin
      what transpires in my brain thing</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John shrugs and Roxy gives herself time to
      think. She remembers how confusing it felt to even approach her
      identity when this stuff first hit her. There had been some vague
      truth about the uselessness of rules about how gender should be,
      but she never quite worked it out.</p>
      <p>She’d stopped thinking about it until she got pregnant—then she
      had been so afraid that having a baby would confirm some deep truth
      within her that she’d pushed away, but that it would be too late to
      back out. That hadn’t happened, and instead there was the strange,
      all-consuming bodily relief she felt when, somehow, being pregnant
      had felt right. It was good in the opposite way than she had
      expected. She hadn’t felt any more womanly than she ever had. It
      had hit her then that she could think of her body not as
      specifically female, but as something altogether different. Hers. A
      flesh machine, shifting pieces around to create a person. Her
      breasts, which she’d not really known what to do with or how to
      feel about, suddenly had a specific, practical purpose. It had
      allowed her to retreat from the concept of gender entirely,
      grounding herself only in the physical reality of using her body to
      make another, two heartbeats blending in a rhythm that was nothing
      but human.</p>
      <p>She does not know how to articulate this to John. It’s
      convoluted and personal and she isn’t sure she can do the
      overwhelming goodness of it justice. But then, Harry Anderson is
      his, too, so she knows she has to try.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: idk this life ive been livin gave me harry
      anderson</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: that kinda outweighs anything else just for
      me personally</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: n its not like i ever totally quit thinkin
      abt that gender stuff</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i just found a different way to work it out
      than maybe i was originally gonna</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Touching those huge, inarticulate thoughts
      with words feels bigger than she expected, and tears prick at the
      backs of her eyes. She shakes her head and laughs before John can
      start crying, too.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but lmao john were just adults</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: were not dead!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: idk i mean were only what... barely middle
      aged in regular human years?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: we got all kinds of hypothetical but still
      prolly finite eternity to work our shit out</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: who tf knows</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its not like you figure out who you are when
      youre 23 and then the rest of ur whole life is just sittin back
      watchin ur shit fall apart or not</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i mean maybe thats been it for u so far</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: haha. ouch.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i just dont think im anywhere near done
      buildin those roxy self actualization train stops</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: who the fuck can say how many more i got
      lined up</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: same goes for u</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: if youre willing to look at this life as more
      than a cosmically pointless dead end failure that is</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i guess...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: there’s literally nothing to do but keep
      moving forward.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i may as well not be a big fucking downer
      about it if i don’t have to be.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: thats the spirit</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: weve got a million billion lifetimes ahead of
      us john</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: u dont even KNOW all the ways u got left to
      fuck up in!!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hows that for some inspiration??!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s pretty fucking inspirational, roxy.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">They both smile, and it somehow felt more real
      and warm than it was before. Maybe the cushion of years and lack of
      pressure makes it so, but she doesn’t question it too closely. She
      doesn’t want to go back to where she’d been with him, but knowing
      they’d both been there, together, feels like enough.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: thank you for trusting me with this personal
      stuff.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i know partly you were telling me all that to
      kick my sadsack ass, but i know you don’t talk about this kind of
      thing every day.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: to be real i hadnt even let myself think abt
      it every day</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: so thanks for lettin me ramble at u out loud
      instead of just almost thinkin abt it once every few years</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i guess sometimes it takes hearing the same
      shit over and over until it sticks.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s mostly an own on myself by the
      way.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lmao were just rippin off those bandaids left
      n right over here</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: a coupla professional issue discussers</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, i’m frankly baffled by how fucking good
      we are at this?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: where was this when we sucked so hard at
      being married?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: buried under a shocking number of issues is
      my guess</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well, it’s nice to throw a few off, for
      once.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: feel free to communicate with me instead of
      spendin the next 300 years in a silent prison of your own making if
      u so desire</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John nods, and as he opens his mouth to speak,
      the door opens.</p>
      <p>Harry Anderson looks at the two of them all teary and laughing
      and hikes his bag higher on his shoulder, shifting his weight. Roxy
      sees a muscle tighten in his jaw. Her beautiful, smart boy. She
      wants to run over and hug him, to protect him from the possibility
      of pain at talking to his father, but she doesn’t. She knows how
      much he’s wanted this, no matter how much he jokes about it.</p>
      <p>She looks back at John, and sees her own awe mirrored in his
      face. She wills him not to cry, not to fall back on his
      self-imposed suffering and blame loop. Something about the last
      hour must have done the trick, though. John stands up, brushes his
      hands on his jeans, and walks, back straight, toward his son.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: hey harry anderson.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s really, really good to see you.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: do you wanna go for a drive?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The muscle in Harry Anderson’s jaw clenches a
      few more times, but when he smiles, it is genuine.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: yeah, dad.</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: that could be cool.</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>