<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 6</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s6'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 6</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">N</span>o one is
      answering the door to Jake’s mansion, so Jane lets herself in.
      There is almost no crime on Earth C, and so almost no one locks
      their door. In fact, most doors do not have locks, which has been
      terribly unfair to the struggling locksmith industry. Once, at
      John’s eighteenth birthday, Dave Strider engaged Jane in a
      shockingly aggressive debate about the economy in which he accused
      her of supporting “neoliberal corporate welfare” for pointing out
      this exact problem, which was... well, such a baffling incident
      that Jane is still thinking about it at absolutely random intervals
      five years later. She has an honorary business degree from almost
      every university on the planet. Dave hasn’t even finished middle
      school. What does he know about the effective and ethical rigors of
      corporate bailouts?</p>
      <p>Well, Jane thinks with a heavy sigh, now that she’s not running
      for president, it doesn’t really matter, does it?</p>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane feels rather like a princess in an
      animated film with the way her voice echoes up three flights of
      circular staircase. The mansion is dark and cramped—tall, narrow
      halls, gothic arches, rooms stuffed in all corners with kitschy
      junk. Jake has a taste for velvet paintings and faux-antique
      candelabras, which mesh less than harmoniously with the backdrop of
      his paisley wallpaper. Blue light filters in from the stained-glass
      windows on the top floor of the foyer where depictions of cerulean
      sirens lounge against surprisingly tasteful, modernist
      backdrops.</p>
      <p>Jane calls his name again, lifting her skirt so that she can
      climb the stairs one step at a time. From the second floor, she
      hears a sudden and awful noise: boots scrabbling against wood,
      glass shattering, hard objects hitting the wall, and the
      unmistakable roar of a rifle firing. She sprints the rest of the
      staircase and runs down the hall, <em>clack, clack, clack</em> in
      her expensive—but understated—kitten heels.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Jake! Jake, where are you?!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The big oak door at the end of the hallway
      swings open, spilling orange lamplight into the darkness. Jake
      steps out, looking ruffled but handsome in corduroy shorts and a
      dress shirt buttoned up to midsternum. There is a smudge of
      gunpowder on his cheek. His whole face lights up when he sees
      Jane.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Oh jane how unexpected!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Are you alright?!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: What? Of course! Why wouldnt i be?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I heard a horrible noise! What was all the
      racket?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Oh this?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake grins and holds up his rifle, which is
      still smoking from the muzzle.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Just a little morning target practice!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He kicks the door all the way open behind him
      to show what’s up. A circular sitting room festooned with Christmas
      lights and paper targets, all of which look as if they have been
      hit many times with bullets. There is a battle bot hanging out by
      the fireplace at the back, holding an armful of bottles and
      surrounded by a sea of broken glass.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: You do this... in... inside the house?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He looks at her like she’s the stupid one.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Well of course jane where else would i do it?
      Bringing this operation outside would only startle the
      neighbors!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane’s mouth opens, and then hangs there for a
      moment as she decides whether or not this particular conversation
      on household propriety is worth having. Sometimes Jake simply
      cannot be blamed for the foolish things he does. After all, he
      literally grew up in the woods.</p>
      <p>Instead, she enters the room and takes a seat in one of the
      ostentatiously cushioned bergère chairs, careful to step around the
      puddles of cracked glass.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I must ask jane... it seems that you are
      rather frazzled. Are you sure you arent the one whos not
      alright?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane rests her temple in her palm. Jake grabs
      another of his ridiculous fake-Victorian chairs by the back and
      swivels it around so that he’s sitting across from her.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Have you talked to Dirk lately?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Er not exactly. I would say that i have been
      talked *to* by dirk.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: But the communique has certainly not been two
      sided.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Ah, yes. It seems that we’re in the same boat
      then.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I haven’t heard from him. I stopped by his
      workshop, but it was locked. If he was in there, he wouldn’t come
      out.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dirk was the one person on Earth C who took
      the state of the locksmith industry with the seriousness it
      deserved.</p>
      <p>Jake scoffs and flops a hand. Both actions are dismissive.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I dont see what all the ruckus is. Our good
      chum dirk fancies himself a dark and tortured soul. Cutting us off
      is not entirely out of his wheelhouse.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Yes, but not like this. It’s been years since
      he’s done a full blackout on us. Oh, I’m terribly worried.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: You worry far too much jane! Life has become
      so peaceable on this new planet of ours that i suppose dirk has
      merely tired of this idyllic life. It has either driven him
      permanently or temporarily insane.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Thats my theory at least. Maybe its tommyrot
      but i have faith that dirk will be back. After all where is he
      going to go?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: ...You seem rather cavalier about this.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Like, even more cavalier than you usually
      are.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake laughs, all uneven, and runs a hand
      through his attractively tousled hair.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I must admit i am rather half rats at the
      moment.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You’re what?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Haha sorry that was a pretty obtuse way of
      putting it wasnt it.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: What i mean to say is that ive been powdering
      my hair quite a bit today.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He makes a motion like knocking back a bottle.
      Jane side-eyes the idling battle bot, flush with empty wine
      bottles, and then side-eyes Jake.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: First thing in the morning?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Well i needed the bottles for my target
      practice jane i couldnt just pour the wine down the drain! Thatd be
      a waste!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane frowns and leans forward on her knees so
      that she can examine Jake more closely. She sees it now. The
      unspecifically precise movement that comes from overcorrecting
      drunken body language, the unfocus of the eyes... That was a very
      detailed thesis he had on Dirk’s potential psychology, almost like
      he’d been giving it a good think. She knew that Jake and Dirk were
      not officially “together,” and had not been for some time, but
      their lives were still inexorably entwined on basically every level
      for some reason she did not understand. One might even say
      codependently. No matter what he said, this had to be affecting him
      as well.</p>
      <p>Jane lets out a fluttering breath.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: You know what, Jake?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You’re right. It really would be a waste!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She pushes out of the chair and goes to
      retrieve one of the unopened wine bottles sitting over the
      fireplace. They’re all screw-top, because Jake isn’t that classy.
      In fact, he isn’t classy at all. His veneer of classiness is about
      as authentic as an off-brand Halloween mask. Jane has no idea why
      she can’t get him out of her system, even after all these
      years.</p>
      <p>She braces herself on the mantle and knocks her head back,
      taking a long, uninterrupted swig right from the bottle.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Jeepers jane! Slow down!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane keeps gulping. She drinks until she can’t
      stand it, then breaks off, shaking her head and letting out an
      ungraceful hiss. Golly, that is cheap merlot. Her vision is already
      swimming. Spilling a bit of wine on herself, she spins around to
      stare at the silent battle bot. It’s got its hand out, waiting for
      her to hand over the bottle.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Could you leave us alone, please?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The battle bot tips its head at her with a
      click-whirr and then looks at Jake, who—traitorously—offers exactly
      zero backup. Dejectedly, the bot shuffles its way out of the room,
      but not before dropping every single one of the bottles it was
      holding so that they make as much noise as possible when hitting
      the floor. It slams the door behind it. Ah yes, Jane thinks.
      Scorched-earth policy. That robot was indeed programmed by Dirk
      Strider.</p>
      <p>Jake is staring at Jane wide-eyed behind his spectacles.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Jane i must ask again... are you quite
      alright?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Actually no, I am quite not!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I will say. You really seem like youve got
      the morbs!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She staggers back to her seat and takes
      another swig of disgusting wine.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: I canceled my presidential bid.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: What? I was under the impression that you
      were awfully chuffed about that!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I was so incredibly chuffed about it, Jake.
      But Dirk called me just before his disappearance and told me to
      “cancel everything.” And so...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane puts her face in her hand miserably.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: ...I canceled everything.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Why jane do you really need dirk to run for
      president?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I know that he had set himself up as your
      plenipotentiary but it seems to me that you have everything you
      need to win the day without him.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane looks up at Jake from between her fingers
      and under her bangs.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Well yes, I suppose that I could run a
      successful presidential campaign on my own merits, especially since
      Dirk and I developed most of our strategy together.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: But now that I’ve pulled out I can’t just go
      back and tell them I’ve changed my mind. That would be so
      embarrassing! It would make me look wishy-washy. I can see the
      headlines now, calling me a “terminal flip-flopper.”</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Also...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Somehow it just doesn’t seem right without
      Dirk.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake pries the wine bottle from her hand
      gently. He takes a drink from it, less gently.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Dirk has that manner about him does he
      not?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: A way about him that makes you feel like
      whatever you do as long as it does not involve him it doesnt count
      for dick.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He sounds a little... bitter? Jane blinks at
      him.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: I hadn’t thought about it that way.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: But yes, ever since I talked to him I have
      felt... strange.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Her whole body is numb and floaty. Sure, she
      chugged the wine. But it’s strange to have gotten drunk so fast,
      isn’t it? Especially since she spends several nights a month
      drinking much harder and fancier drinks at investor dinners. Jake
      passes the bottle back and she takes another drink.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Strange how?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Strange like you just explained... like
      nothing I do matters. I should be more upset that I’ve spoiled my
      chance at running for president, but for some reason I find myself
      not really caring.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: And that’s what I’m actually so upset about.
      The fact that I don’t care!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Instead...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">When did Jake scoot his chair closer? They’re
      sitting packed so tight now that his bare knees are brushing hers.
      The air between them is warm and wine-soaked. Jane takes another
      serious look at him, at his elegant jawline, his dark eyelashes,
      his handsome nose. It really is unfair that he’s so good-looking
      while also being so... so <em>Jake</em>. But this is nice, she
      thinks. When was the last time they talked? Really talked? It’s
      been such a long time that she’s almost surprised how good he’s
      being to her right now, considering that she walked in on him in
      Peak English Disaster Mode. Was it always this easy to talk to
      him?</p>
      <p>Maybe because of the wine, and maybe just because she wants to,
      Jane reaches out and sets a hand on his thigh. She leans in closer
      until she can feel his breath on her face.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Oh, this is mortifying to admit, but I’ve
      been thinking that perhaps I’ve been doing the wrong thing with my
      life.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Instead of all this business politicking I’ve
      been doing, what I’d really like...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Is to settle down and raise a family.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Does that sound ridiculous?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Why that doesnt sound ridiculous at all! Its
      just that ive never heard you express such sentiments before.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Except of course for that time when you were
      under mind control and had me trussed up in your lair as you
      pontificated villainously about using me as a breeding stud to
      create a blood lineage for your incumbent corporate space
      empire.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Oh...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You still remember that.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Jane youre one of my most cherished friends.
      I couldnt possibly forget a single moment weve spent together no
      matter how sexually uncomfortable the situation may have been.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane feels herself turn red. Why did she think
      this would be so easy? Jake English was kind of a slut, true, but
      also their relationship was an emotional minefield. She slides her
      hand down to cup his knee, rolls her thumb into the dip of the
      joint there, and tries to remember the drunken advice on matters of
      seduction Jade gave her once when she was foolish enough to take a
      weekend off and go on one of her and Jake’s expeditions. She can’t
      for the life of her remember the substance of any of her lessons
      though.</p>
      <p>Jake is still staring at her, drunk and enraptured. She ventures
      deeper into his personal space.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Well, Jake, it doesn’t always have to be that
      way.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Putting business first? Ignoring the good
      things in my life chasing profit? I’m sick of it.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I think that I could be... loving. I could be
      a good wife.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: For the kind of man who needs a good wife in
      his life.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Like, say, an eligible bachelor with a
      hundred empty rooms in his house and no one to help clean
      them...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Who has been recently and mysteriously
      abandoned by his long term... “companion.” Or whatever he was.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Someone handsome and lonely and who knows me
      well enough that we need not fear showing each other our less
      savory sides.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Such as... being drunk at nine in the
      morning.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Oh, Jake, isn’t that the dream?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake slants close, casting a shadow over her
      face. His eyes are so green, and they’re glittering with naked
      adoration, for her. It’s all for her. He nudges a knuckle under her
      chin and tips her face towards him.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">He’s so close that Jane thinks he might kiss
      her. She shuts her eyes and lets his husky wine-breath wash over
      her face.</p>
      <p>Instead of kissing her, he says:</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I say this sincerely as one of your oldest
      and dearest friends.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I hope that you have luck in finding a
      charming and bricky bloke who will summarily impregnate you with as
      much swiftness as possible and be a responsible father for your
      children.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: There is nothing for you i want more.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: ...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane’s mouth drops open. What was she
      expecting?</p>
      <p>But Jake doesn’t register her mortification or frustration
      either. He just keeps smiling and gazing into her eyes, warm and
      drunk.</p>
      <p>With a deep sigh, Jane shoves Jake off of her and stumbles back
      to where his horrendous-tasting wine is stored. She pops open a
      bottle of briny-smelling moscato and tips it back—this embarrassing
      encounter isn’t going to forget itself.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>