<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 32</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s32'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 32</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">(V</span>riska)
      grabs Gamzee by the front of his shirt and yanks him down, her hot,
      furious breath brushing his disgusting face.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: I sAiD tO yOu YoU gOtTa ChIlL, yO.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: It’S hIgH tImE yOu GoT yOuR rEdEmPtIoN
      oN.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: sEe, YoU gOtS tO mAkE sOmE mOtHeRfUcKiN
      aMeNdS tO yOuR tRaGiC bAcKsToRy.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): My WH8T????????</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: HoNk. :o)</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">(Vriska) looks into his eyes. She beholds his
      serene expression and the casual sag of his shoulders. His posture
      is so contemptibly flaccid, it’s as if he’s literally wilting. Her
      gaze travels to where his weird, long fingers are wrapped around
      the curve of her shoulder. His hand is sticky for some reason. She
      notices a few strands of her black hair clinging to whatever
      heinous substance is coating his hand. It’s an image so viscerally
      objectionable to her that she nearly vomits. After all she’s been
      through today, this... THIS is the last goddamned straw. Her eyes
      fill with fury, with indignation, with vivid, radiating
      malevolence, and then it finally happens.</p>
      <p>She just. Plain. Fucking.</p>
      <p>SNAPS.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Don’t you daaaaaaaare</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">(Vriska) clenches her fists together and slams
      them into Gamzee’s nose. A brutal Double Axe Handle right off the
      hook. His nose makes a crunching sound like someone just stepped on
      a pile of crackers. He stumbles backward, cupping his palms over
      his face to catch the gush of blood.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): FUCK8NG touch me</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">(Vriska) grabs him under the armpit and
      delivers a European-style Uppercut with her bloody elbow. He expels
      a wheezy, guttered honk. It comes out slowly, mournfully, like a
      broken bike horn getting backed over by the rear wheel of a
      hearse.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): EVVVVVVVVER</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She spins out from under his flailing arm and
      does a full 360-degree pirouette off the fucking handle to deliver
      a ruthless Knife Chop straight to the cartilage at the center of
      his chest, like a veteran butcher getting down to business.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): AG88888888IN!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: :o(</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Gamzee tries to get his bearings, but
      (Vriska)’s spinning back in the other direction with a Discus Back
      Elbow. Her elbow connects with his cheekbone hard enough that it
      shatters. A sharp tooth goes flying out of his puckered lips so
      fast that John has to take flight to avoid it. (Vriska) takes a
      crow’s hop back, grounding herself to swing a lead-legged kick
      right into his chin. Gamzee goes flying into a nearby tree. The
      first branch splinters under the impact of his spine. He gets
      clotheslined backward by the second one, spins around it and
      face-plants on a hard root under the tree.</p>
      <p>John winces, but not sympathetically. The impact was just that
      rough. That HAD to crack a rib or two.</p>
      <p>(Vriska) stalks over to Gamzee and triumphantly lifts him off
      the ground, high above her head, only to drop him and slam her knee
      into his face again. His lip splits, staining her jeans bright
      purple. He’s rolling from side to side on the ground, groaning as
      blood bubbles up from his mouth. It sounds like he’s drowning.
      (Vriska) drags him to his feet again, her hands fisted in his
      shirt. With an impressive maneuver, hard for the eye to follow
      unless you’re a trained wrestler, she adroitly twists a hand in his
      hair and Reverse Hangmans him against the tree branch.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: HONK!!!!</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): WHY WON’T YOU JUST</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She slams his throat against the branch again
      and again. Each time he lets out a sound like a damaged squeeze
      toy, his bloated, slimy tongue unspooling like a frog’s as all the
      air is crushed out of his esophagus.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): D8EEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Shouting like a berserker, (Vriska)
      perpetrates a textbook Groinal Clawhold around Gamzee’s codpiece
      and rips it right the fuck off. He yowls as if he had actual
      testicles to be mauled, and for all anyone knows, maybe he really
      does. He paws the air desperately and fecklessly after his
      treasured purple dick-sock, but (Vriska) tosses it over her
      shoulder and shoves him into the mud with her heel. She grabs
      Gamzee by the hood, pulls him up, and then grinds the top of her
      shoe along the ridge of his broken nose, rubbing her laces into his
      eyes.</p>
      <p>Ah yes, John pauses his wince to admire, the good old Bootlace
      Eyerake. Jake loved that one back in the day, even though he had
      much more practice with the receiving end of it.</p>
      <p>Gamzee grabs (Vriska)’s foot by the bridge. Instead of yanking
      her off-balance, he opens his huge, bloody maw of a mouth and...
      runs his tongue along the rubber bottom of her shoe? (Vriska)
      freezes. She watches him lap the mud—and his own blood—out from
      between the grooves of the sole. His lips drag lewdly over the
      ridge of her footwear and begin sucking at where her big toe would
      be, if it were not safely ensconced in several layers of rubber and
      canvas. He draws back, a string of glutinous, tinted saliva
      connecting the shoe to his lip, and catches (Vriska)’s eyes with
      his own half-lidded gaze. His face is bruised, bloody, swollen. His
      makeup is a nightmarish disaster. But the expression he’s giving
      her is unmistakable. It’s not fear, not rage, not even pain.
      It’s...</p>
      <p>Lust.</p>
      <p>(Vriska) goes perfectly still, absolutely paralyzed by the
      sudden recognition. For several seconds, she doesn’t dare move a
      muscle.</p>
      <p>And then, quite suddenly, (Vriska) reaches a plateau of rage so
      intense, so pure, that she isn’t even seeing straight anymore. She
      howls like a storm cresting over the ocean, drowning out the sound
      of the human government’s tanks firing their first volley over the
      battlefield. She lunges at Gamzee’s catastrophic face lips-first,
      and practically dives into his mouth, ramming her tongue into his
      lewd, gaping maw like she’s questing for prizes at a carnival. They
      roll over each other, groping, tearing, tongue-lashing, and vanish
      into the underbrush.</p>
      <p>Gamzee’s unwashed stench is so bad, the motion of him being
      knocked into the dirt wafts it in John’s direction. The stink hits
      him like an olfactory haymaker, and he does a full 180 to dry heave
      into the impact crater.</p>
      <p>Mercifully, John’s attention is caught by someone calling his
      name from above. He has never felt so grateful for an excuse to
      look away from anything in his life.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: John, up here!</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I need to speak with you!</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>