<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 1</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s1'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 1</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">C</span>andy was
      definitely the right choice, John thinks, as he munches
      thoughtfully on a strawberry swirl mint. It cracks to splinters
      between his teeth. Incredibly tasty splinters, the consistency of
      which have absolutely no existential baggage to them. The splinters
      dissolve quickly, leaving behind the impression they were made of
      nothing at all, but for a cloying essence determined to linger
      behind. With some distance from his traumatic anime dreaming, the
      fatalistic mood that he’s been walking around with all day seems
      somewhat... melodramatic. Embarrassing, even! Who has time for
      nihilism when it’s such a beautiful day.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: you know what?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: maybe i’ll stay after all.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: r... rly?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah. now that i’ve had some time to think
      about, is lord english really that big of a deal?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, i know rose said it was a big
      deal.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that canon would... “dissipate,” if i didn’t
      go do it. whatever that means.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: isn’t it just as likely that i could mess up
      a whole bunch of stuff if i go back there?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: the idea of going back in time, or back into
      canon, or whatever...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and fighting this huge battle that serves
      some vague purpose i’m not sure i even understand...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it feels so... heavy?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and i’m not feeling that heavy, suddenly. i
      feel kind of the opposite, actually.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i feel like, maybe i just don’t give a
      shit?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t mean in a bad way, it’s just...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well, i’m already HERE. living my life, with
      my friends, and...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think i just want to stay back on earth,
      forget i ever heard of lord english, and just... relax?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: is that selfish of me??</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i dunno, just seems like a lot of
      responsibility for one person.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so maybe instead of taking the fate of
      everyone’s existence into my own hands, i should just...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: stay here and try to enjoy life?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Even John has to admit, his rationale doesn’t
      sound particularly satisfying. Now that he’s reflecting on
      everything he just said, it really strikes him as a bunch of
      empty-headed babble. But then again, it’s like he was saying. His
      head <em>does</em> feel lighter. Maybe he doesn’t care if his
      reasoning sucks? Maybe he just doesn’t care about any of the high
      stakes or existential gravity related to his conversation with
      Rose. Maybe he doesn’t care about much of anything, except the here
      and now, the company of his friends, and the pleasant breeze
      flowing through the park today. He’s feeling quite insubstantial,
      when he thinks about it. Superficial. And a bit sappy toward his
      friends. So what if he wants to make an insubstantial, superficial,
      and sappy decision?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: are you absolUtely sUre aboUt this,
      john?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He looks up at the trees, at the sunlight
      glittering through the crisscrossing fronds. Has the sky always
      been that blue? A leaf spirals down lazily and lands on his
      forehead. He plucks it off and studies the veins running through
      it. At each fork in the veins, he supposes the leaf as a whole is
      making a certain kind of “decision,” to go this way or that. It
      certainly seems like one way of looking at a leaf, now that he
      bothers to really scrutinize one. It also seems to him, with just
      as great a sense of clarity, that not one of this leaf’s decisions
      ever mattered even the tiniest fucking bit to anybody. Not to the
      tree, not to the world, not even to the leaf itself. He flicks the
      delicate green metaphor away with a flourish of disdain, and sudden
      conviction.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah. actually, i don’t think i’ve ever been
      so sure of anything in my life.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Roxy’s stoic countenance washes away abruptly
      and she lets out a happy... <em>squeal</em>? No, that’s kind of a
      sexist way to describe it. It’s definitely a girly noise, though,
      and not what John was expecting. Without warning, she launches
      herself into his arms.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: omg john</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: thats...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: AMAZING!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: im so stoked!!! :D</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She buries her nose in the crook of his neck…
      and starts crying. <em>Huh?</em> She’s definitely sniffing a
      little, and his skin feels wet against hers. John makes incidental
      eye contact with Calliope when he raises his arms to wrap them
      around Roxy’s back. He’s startled for a moment, but Callie’s just
      looking at him with that big, serene smile on her skull. So, okay,
      this isn’t weird or anything, this super-intimate physical
      interaction he’s having with her maybe-girlfriend right in front of
      her. It’s just that Roxy’s been so distant for years, and now John
      has no idea where the boundaries are drawn.</p>
      <p>He grins and hugs her back just as hard as she’s hugging him.
      Maybe his friendships aren’t as damaged as he’d worried. Maybe it’s
      like his friends were his actual family this whole time, and they
      were just waiting for him to pick up the phone, or to come along
      and hug them.</p>
      <p>Roxy pulls back and claps excitedly.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: this is gonna be so effing AWESOME</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: yes. i think that yoU have made an
      excellent choice, john!</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: i can already feel the aUra of
      eqUivocation that’s been hanging over Us all these years
      fading!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: equivocation?</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: oh, sorry!</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: what i mean is that i think we’ve all
      had a hard time moving on from what we experienced in oUr old
      Universes.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: now we finally can pUt that Ugliness
      behind Us.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: oh, john, this is amazing! i have
      sUch big plans for yoU!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: plans?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: stop asking so many questions dummy</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its gonna be great</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: it will be more than great.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: bUt first there is one last thing yoU
      mUst do with your retcon powers. someone that yoU need to help.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: someone that *only* yoU can help.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Calliope leans in close. The angle of the sun
      makes it so that she dips into shadow. The sharp recesses of her
      skeletal face turn those shadows black. For a moment, her voice
      sounds the way wind does when it howls through a narrow chasm.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: yoU mUst free the bard from his
      prison.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ???</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Did he hear her right? He can’t imagine she
      could <em>possibly</em> mean...</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: gamzee.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Calliope puts her hands together and pulls
      back, smiling sweetly. Her voice is sugar-sweet again.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: let poor gamzee oUt of the fridge,
      john.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: the time has come. u_u</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: poor... GAMZEE??</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: he’s sUrely learned his lesson by
      now.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: if we are to tUrn over a new page in
      this story, we shoUld tUrn that page for everyone.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: gamzee mUst begin seeking redemption
      immediately. he has sUffered enoUgh!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: HAS he, though?</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: oh my yes. absolUtely.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: are you sure?</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: of coUrse!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John glances at Roxy, seeking support. She
      smiles at him benignly, apparently having no opinion whatsoever on
      this topic.</p>
      <p>Sure. Okay. He can’t help but make a disgusted face at the
      thought of it, but he shrugs. Why the hell not? He’s feeling
      <em>lighter</em>, remember? If it’s time to let go of his long-held
      worries and hangups, then so too it may be time to let loose a
      long-suffering clown. If this is to be the Age of Redemption, then
      let it begin, he decides. Not with a bang, but a honk.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>