<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 23</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s23'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 23</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: honey u ready to go?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, sweetheart... give me a second!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John finishes fixing his tie in the bedroom
      mirror, taking a moment to check the hallway door in the
      reflection. Roxy hasn’t come looking for him, which is good because
      he’s still got a few things to prepare and he’d rather she didn’t
      see the items he’s about to pull out of their closet.</p>
      <p>He hasn’t told his wife what he’s planning, because he doesn’t
      want to be talked out of it. Typically he rankles at the prospect
      of spending time with Jane and her family. So Roxy was surprised
      when he agreed to hold Harry Anderson’s fifth birthday party at
      Jane’s mansion. But she didn’t question him about it. In fact, all
      she did was tip her head at him and blink a few times, her long
      eyelashes catching the light, making her eyes look like mirrors. It
      was disconcerting for reasons that he couldn’t put his finger on.
      It’s not like Roxy had ever been argumentative, exactly. He just
      seems to remember someone from his youth who was somewhat more
      contrarian in spirit than this person he’s married to now.</p>
      <p>Back when they were dating, John thought she was acting a little
      off. Not quite in a bad way, but perhaps a little too “in love,”
      too fast. At least she still seemed like herself most of the time.
      But since the wedding, every year that goes by, she seems to become
      just a little more conciliatory. Not just toward him but toward
      life in general. She indulges Harry Anderson liberally and almost
      thoughtlessly. She doesn’t care that her best friend is slowly
      turning into an executive overseeing the corporate arm up the
      puppet ass of a ruthless dictatorship. She still thinks Gamzee is
      being sincere about all this “redemption” bullshit, even though
      he’s been casting an increasingly dark and hungry shadow behind
      Jane: a malicious royal vizier to her burgeoning imperial persona.
      John’s been frustrated with it in a quiet, guilty way, because he
      loves his wife. And even more than that, he loves their son. When
      he doesn’t think too hard about all this stuff, it seems
      perfect.</p>
      <p>But sometimes John can’t help but lie awake at night, staring at
      the dark ceiling until he loses the grip on his “perfect life”
      entirely. He starts to fear that if he closes his eyes, he might
      reopen them to discover it was all an illusion: Harry Anderson,
      Earth C, Lord English’s alleged “defeat”... or maybe, stretching
      even further back than that. The trolls, the game, everything
      important and exciting that’s ever happened to him. Was it all a
      lie? Like some big prank?</p>
      <p>No... at least some of it had to be real. Dave, Jade, and Rose
      are real. Their friendship is real. At least, it used to feel that
      way. He needs to believe it still is. And what about Terezi? She’s
      real too, and John’s got that picture to prove it, burning a hole
      in his wallet. Yet he keeps it there, because at least that feels
      like something. It’s the same feeling that makes him do subtle
      things to push against his wife’s placid demeanor. He never quite
      tries to start a fight. But at this point, he wouldn’t mind having
      one either. At least it might help reassure him that she’s real
      too.</p>
      <p>If she doesn’t get upset after what he’s about to pull today,
      then...</p>
      <p>John doesn’t know what he’ll do.</p>
      <p>He goes to the closet and unhinges the bottom of the drawer
      where he keeps all of his identical blue ties. In this secret
      compartment are some tools: graphene wire, a multi-tool
      screwdriver, molding plaster... John’s so focused on finding places
      in his coat to hide all these things that he doesn’t hear footsteps
      behind him.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: dad... what are you doing?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John spins around, startled. It’s just his
      kid, though, already looking uncomfortable in his tweed jacket and
      knee socks. John kicks the closet door closed. He already has
      everything he needs anyway.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: just getting your gifts, harry anderson! it’s
      your birthday after all.</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: ...but i already opened all the
      gifts from you and mom.</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: dad... are you telling a fib?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ummm...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John ruffles his son’s hair and shoots him one
      of his patented Egbertian winks. He decides then and there that a
      good father wouldn’t need to keep any secrets from his son. No, a
      good dad will always let his son in on the joke, no matter how much
      trouble he might be about to get himself in.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: harry anderson, don’t tell your mother
      but...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: we’re getting a new addition to the family
      today!</p>
      </div>
      <p>—</p>
      <p class="no-indent">It’s little Tavros Crocker who opens the door
      to Jane’s opulent mansion. He’s still so short that he has to stand
      up on his toes to reach the knob. He stares up at his visitors with
      a serious expression, the prescription on his spectacles distorting
      the size of his pupils so that they look like big, wet, depressing
      sinkholes. John’s heart wrenches at the sight of him. He’s so
      young, but he always looks so somber and sad.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Oh,,, hallo folks,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: You’re a mite early don’t you think?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um, nope!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: actually</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave and Jade materialize behind everyone, he
      in a pressed red suit, she in a glittering Space dress. They’re
      both holding gifts wrapped in spare printer paper. Dave adjusts his
      sunglasses and smirks at Harry Anderson.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you were exactly thirty seconds and like
      sixty eight nanoseconds early</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: oh eff off dave</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ur gettin even cornier than john and youre
      not even a dad</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: idk my guy harry over there seems to be
      enjoying my material</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: heh heh it’s like you’re a living
      atomic clock!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: man i love this kid</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what kind of five year old is into atomic
      clocks</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: damn every time i see him i just wanna pinch
      his cheeks and tell him about what things were like when i was his
      age and shit</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: heheheh if you like kids so much dave why
      dont you just BUY one?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: uh jade i know that what you think you were
      doing there was like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: smoothly inserting the idea of us one day
      adopting kids into the conversation</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but what you actually just described is
      literal slavery</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: which is both illegal and bad</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: sigh......</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: maybe YOURE the one whos illegal and bad</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: ever think of that???</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: nope never once crossed my mind</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anyway john roxy you heard the lady can we
      buy your kid</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no! he’s not for sale.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Um,,, do you all want to come in or
      not,,,?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Tavros has been waiting patiently for the
      adults to finish talking the whole time, like he always does. He
      leads everyone inside with a stoic countenance more befitting of a
      footman than the firstborn son of the planet’s wealthiest
      family.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: sooo</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: wheres ur mom and dad</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: They’re still in,,, uh,,, auspistice
      counselling,,,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: W, with,,, uncle gamzee,,,</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh woof</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: woof is right</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: hey tavros! is vriska here?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Er,,,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: unfortunately, harry anderson, rose and
      kanaya aren’t on speaking terms with your aunt jane and uncle jake
      anymore.</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: why not?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Roxy sighs loudly through her nose. She hates
      talking about this shit.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: cuz of the political situation</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: what’s... a political
      situation?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Mother has been advising the human
      government that they should do their best to,,, uh,,, exclude
      trolls from the seats of power in all branches of public service
      and,,, uh,,, aunts rose and kanaya don’t like it because some of
      the legislation in the works could,,, erm,,, delegitimize their
      marriage,,,,,,,</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: um... i have no idea what any of
      that means, ha ha.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The adults exchange confused looks. It’s more
      than a little jarring that this five-year-old kid seems so well
      educated on the intricacies of xenophobic political policy. But
      then again, this is Jane’s son, they remind themselves.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Anyway,,, wh, why would you WANT vriska
      to be here,,,?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Why ruin a nice birthday party?</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: um duh... cause she’s super
      fun!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: She’s not fun,,, she’s mean,,,,</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: yeah, to you, cause you’re a
      wuss.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: harry anderson egbert!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: don’t call other kids wusses!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hey whats even wrong with being a wuss</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: harry my dude you need to unplug from toxic
      masculinity</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: from... what?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what have you been teaching this kid</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: dave, sometimes i really can’t believe this
      is the adult you chose to become.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its actually great isnt it</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, i guess so...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave ruffles Harry Anderson’s hair. It’s nice
      that Dave is so woke and great with kids, but that really does
      invite the question of why he and Jade don’t have any yet. There’s
      still something sad and wistful about Dave at the moment, as he
      pointedly avoids letting Jade take his hand while they’re led into
      the game room. Jade and Dave still laugh and trade barbs with each
      other like old friends, but there’s something disconcertingly
      sterile about it. John can’t help but think about the last time
      they were all together like this in Jane’s mansion, and the look on
      Karkat’s face when he stormed out of the foyer.</p>
      <p>Everyone settles down in the game room except Tavros, who stands
      by the door with his arms folded behind his back as if waiting to
      be ordered around. Harry Anderson is opening his gifts from Jade
      and Dave when a door upstairs slams open so hard it rattles all the
      crystal glasses arranged on the nearby table.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: You are such an unbelievable dunce, Jake
      English!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I can’t believe that I work so hard and have
      to come home to your feckless tomfoolery every day!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: My goodness...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: What gives you the right to talk to me that
      way?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake’s side of the conversation is too far
      away to hear, but Gamzee’s unmistakable mush-mouthed voice floats
      down the hallway between the sharp edges of Jane’s shrieks.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: And you’re not even... you’re not even
      proficient in bed anymore!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: What is even the POINT of you if...</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: HeY hEy.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: cAlM yOuR tItS bAbY.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: SILENCE, CLOWN.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Tavros stares at his feet, wearing a strained
      expression.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: It’s fine,,, my parents are kismeses
      after all,,,</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane storms downstairs. Her guests are
      completely silent as the sound of her heels echoes down the hall.
      She steps into the room, her face still twisted in rage and
      disgust. The moment her eyes fall over her gathered friends,
      however, her expression changes like someone flipping a switch. She
      smiles, looking cordial and perfectly pleasant, fluttering her
      lashes like there’s nothing in the world more important to her than
      being an excellent host.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Oh. Hello everyone.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I’m sorry that I was not able to greet you at
      the door. I had some pre-appointed business to attend to.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I trust that Tavros led you all inside
      without trouble?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Yes ma’am,,,</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Good boy.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane pats him on the head as she goes by,
      patronizingly, like you’d pet a dog. Or Gamzee.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Harry Anderson, my dear!</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: auntie jane!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane stoops down to her knees and throws her
      arms open. Harry Anderson bolts across the room and throws himself
      into her ample chest, nuzzling into her cheek as she laughs and
      ruffles his hair fondly. John turns his head aside so that no one
      sees the queasy face he’s making. Jane is, unfortunately, Harry
      Anderson’s favorite aunt. She gained his affection the same way she
      gains everyone’s affection: she fucking bought it.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Look at you! You’ve gotten so big and strong
      since I last saw you!</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: i grew a whole three inches!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Yes, I can see that. You’re going to be quite
      the strapping young man before we know it.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Since it’s your first milestone birthday,
      I’ve instructed my staff that you are to be spoiled like a little
      prince today!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Right now they’re finishing off your cake.
      It’s a recipe I invented just for you!</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: gosh!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: And I’ve got your present all wrapped up
      too!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: It’s too big to keep in the house, however,
      so after cake and tea we’ll go see it in the backyard.</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: you’re the best, auntie jane!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh no...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: jane. please don’t tell me you commissioned
      one of those drone thingies for my son.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane rises to her feet, huffing.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: And if I did, John, what would be the problem
      with that?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Are you saying that you don’t want to assure
      your son’s safety? In troubled times such as these, one can never
      be too careful.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: roxy, back me up here honey.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: there’s no way you’d be ok with that,
      right?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Roxy fiddles with one of her earrings and
      casts her gaze around the room, looking at every and any thing but
      her husband. Dave and Jade have also developed a profound interest
      in the patterns woven into the expensive carpet under their
      feet.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: er</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: well i cant say im comfy with it but</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but???</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: janey means well john and itd be rude to just
      refuse a gift from my bestie like that</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: besides ur just ASSUMIN she got harry
      anderson an imperial drone</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: she never said that was what it was</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: did u jane</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: ...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane’s tight-jawed silence confirms that she
      did, indeed, have a literal instrument of government oppression
      crafted for their son on the momentous occasion of his fifth
      birthday. John has to pinch his nose and practice controlled
      breathing to keep himself from getting mad for real. Getting in an
      argument right now would totally fuck up all his plans.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok. fine. you know what?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t care.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: rly</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah! it’s... it’s whatever. i get it. jane’s
      just trying to show that she cares.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You know I do adore little Harry
      Anderson.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what i DO care about, however, is that
      cake.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and not eating it, i mean.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Excuse me?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: nothing personal, jane, it’s just that i’m
      not the biggest fan of cakes.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: instead, i was wondering if maybe i could go
      visit the trophy room? you know, the one where jake keeps all the
      memorabilia from that dumb show he used to be on?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You mean “Poppin n’ Hoppin’ Pistol Lockin’
      With Jake English”?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: or do u mean “doing the charleston with
      notable social figureheads: stars versus enemies of the state with
      your host jake english”</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: that ones still running isnt it</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Unfortunately, yes.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um, yeah... that’s DEFINITELY not the one i
      was talking about.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh! you probably mean “afternoon gilly gaffy
      amongst the common folk with your host j. gishy gun mcgee”</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, god! these all sound so bad.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean the one with dirk!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dude</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You mean the classic prime time program,
      “Rumble in da Pumpkin Patch”?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah! that one!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: ew... why do you wanna go look at stuff from
      rumble in da pumpkin patch???</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: why not?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i dunno, it just seems kind of morbid with
      dirk dead and all, dont you think?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: also that show was REALLY gross</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i support jake in whatever he does but it was
      so... so.....</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: sweaty</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: yeah!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i dunno. i just feel like it was an important
      cultural milestone, and i missed it all by being mopey and
      depressed for like five years straight.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so what do you think, tavros? wanna show me
      all about your dad’s glory days?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Tavros blinks up at John in surprise.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Oh, I can take you there, John.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: NO!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean... no, that’s fine.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’d like some time to get to know my
      nephew.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: or, uh... cousin?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ecto brother?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: omg dave i just realized that when we get
      married thatll make john and rose siblings in law</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: which is funny since i guess john is
      technically already your father in law</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yup thats totally what our friendgroup
      needs</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: to be even more incestuous</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: what does incestuous mean?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: it means that everyones rly good friends
      harry anderson</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: just a dumb fancy word for bffs</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its a big hard word for grownups tho so feel
      free to unknow it now sweetie</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh yeah</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats totally it</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Um,,,,,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: hey tavros.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: let’s go, buddy!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John sets a hand on Tavros’s back and pushes
      him out of the room. When they’re upstairs together, far enough
      away from the party, Tavros wrenches his hands together and
      asks:</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Uncle john,,, what’s the real reason
      we’re up here,,,?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh. i could see that you were getting
      uncomfortable.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you don’t like being around big crowds like
      that, do you?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: ,,,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but you don’t like to be alone, either?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: ,,,,,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well, not in this house at least. i wouldn’t
      want to be alone here either. it’s not a very nice place to live,
      is it?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: I’m,,,, uh,,,, not sure i understand your
      meaning, uncle john.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: here, come with me.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John grabs Tavros by his chubby wrist and
      begins dragging him around a corner, from one featureless white
      hallway into another.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: This isn’t the right way,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i know. hey tavros, why don’t we just go to
      your room for a minute?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Oh,,,</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Tavros tugs on John’s hand and leads him back
      a few steps. With his free hand, he pushes a door open, revealing a
      large, tidy bedroom. Four-poster bed, perfectly arranged bookshelf,
      not a single toy out of place or on the floor; the room obviously
      belongs to a five-year-old judging by the colorful wallpaper and
      irreverent, clown-themed bedsheets, but there’s nothing in it to
      suggest individualized expression of a developing personality.</p>
      <p>Tavros sighs, his facial expression unchanging. He looks
      resigned. To life in general, as well as whatever it is he’s
      expecting from this particular situation. Wait... what <em>is</em>
      he expecting from this situation, having been led away to a
      secluded part of the house by an adult? What has he been taught to
      expect?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: tavros...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: is everything ok?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: ,,,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Yes, uncle john,,,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Why do you ask?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you just seem...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t know.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: sad?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: I feel okay,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: It is a happy day, after all,,, it’s
      harry anderson’s birthday,,,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: There is good reason to be happy,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but what about YOU.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: are you ACTUALLY happy about it?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: about... everything going on here?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: I suppose,,,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: My mother tends to get displeased when
      i’m unhappy, so,,,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: sigh.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John walks a little further into the room,
      inspecting the surroundings. He can hardly find a single fault. Not
      a wrinkle in the sheets, nor a... John looks down. He takes a step
      back to set his foot on the part of the floor he just stepped on.
      He lifts it again, with some tacky resistance tugging at the sole
      of his shoe. The floor is sticky here, like the floor of a movie
      theater. He bends down to touch it, and give it a sniff. Just as he
      thought. Faygo.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: tavros... does gamzee ever come into your
      room?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Possibly,,,?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: He so often is found to be in,,, so many
      places,,,</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John glances under the bed, then sees it. A
      half-finished bottle of Faygo.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: isn’t that his faygo there??</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Oh,,, my, no,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Please, uncle john,,, don’t tell my
      mother,,,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: tell her what??</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: The faygo is mine,,, my uncle gives it to
      me sometimes,,, my mother strictly forbids it, of course,,,,,</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John nervously ponders this response, and
      everything about the boy’s life it could be implying. He takes a
      deep breath, and becomes very serious. He places a hand on Tavros’
      shoulder, and looks him directly in the eye.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: tavros, listen to me.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: are you... getting... bad touched by your
      uncle gamzee?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Tavros seems taken aback by the question. Then
      appears thoughtful.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Oh,,, uh,,,,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: No??</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: But, yes,,, i can gather how you might
      draw that conclusion,,,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you can?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: why?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: It just seems like a thing that would
      eventually happen to me, does it not?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">A look of sadness washes over John’s face. A
      sadness deeper than either kind he could summon for the previous
      two funerals he’s attended.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: what would make you say that?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Well, i think,,,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: For the same reason that led you yourself
      to wonder, uncle john?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: He is a very,,, very bad clown uncle,,,
      but i think i am not allowed to say or think such a thing,,,,,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: why not?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Because,,, uncle gamzee has undertaken
      his redemption arc,,,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: With a spirit of great sincerity, i’ve
      been told,,,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: So,,,,, the truth is, no matter how i may
      feel about him,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Mother tells me that he is not actually
      bad,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: And therefore,,, anything he does cannot
      truly be considered bad either,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Otherwise, we are not respecting his
      repentance,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Or the others he has saved,,,</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Tavros sighs again. John makes no effort to
      disguise his look of grave disapproval and sorrow.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: I don’t want you to worry,,, too much,
      though,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: His occasional sojourns in my room are
      not of any especially ill intent,,, i don’t think,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: He has told me in confidence that his
      intention is to train me,,,,,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: TRAIN you???</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Yes,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: In matters of combat,,, philosophy,,,
      life,,, love,,,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: I suppose to behave the way a mentor
      does, as he sees it,,,</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Anger wells up in John anew. He gets to his
      feet in a flurry—a literal one. A gust of wind whisks through the
      room, clattering open the closet door and rustling a perfectly
      arranged stack of papers off the desk. They flutter through the
      room like dead leaves caught in an autumn storm. Soon the room is
      howling with his sustained winds.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s IT!!!!!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: tavros, start packing right now.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Packing,,,?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah. one bag with some of your clothes, your
      favorite toys and books, that kind of thing.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: I don’t understand,,,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: tavros. i have to get you out of here.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: *NOW*.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Uh,,, what?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m going to take you away so that you can
      live with me, harry anderson, and your aunt roxy.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you wouldn’t have to live here anymore. no
      more being alone all the time.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no more weird troll maids, or listening to
      your parents fight...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and no more “uncle” fucking GAMZEE.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: That does sound jolly good uncle
      john,,,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: then what are you waiting for? start
      packing!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Well,,, i would, except that we can’t go
      out without tripping the security,,,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Mother has taken great precautions to
      make sure i never,,,,,,,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: don’t worry, kid. i came prepared.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John produces his screwdriver and a length of
      wire from the inside pocket of his suit jacket.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: we’re leaving through that window, one way or
      another.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Tavros takes in a sharp breath before spinning
      on his heel and stumbling toward his closet. John catches the ghost
      of a smile on his face before he turns and that’s all it takes to
      turn the pounding of his heart from terrified to thrilled. Yes,
      what he’s about to do will probably send shock waves through their
      already fragmented friend group. But Jane’s the one who started it.
      She brought this on herself.</p>
      <p>John starts opening the window, using all the tricks he’s
      memorized from tutorials on the deep web to bypass the security
      bolt. He whistles to himself, thinking about how happy Tavros is
      going to be with him, Roxy, and Harry Anderson. Jane barely even
      seems to like the kid. But Jake does. Jake loves him, even though
      he was totally trapped into this unhappy relationship because of
      the pregnancy. So it seems to John the only way to save Jake from
      this unspeakable prison is to subtract the only thing he cares
      about.</p>
      <p>Roxy will be mad at first, but John is certain that she’ll...
      she’ll what? Acquiesce? Is that really what he wants? He considers
      with a sense of guilt how exhilarating it would it be if she
      finally fought him on something. John starts laughing to himself
      when the window pops open suddenly. No alarm goes off. The deep web
      was right.</p>
      <p>Fresh summer air rushes in and fills John’s lungs. His head
      swims with the giddy, high feeling of being on the verge of getting
      away with some shit. Wow, is this why people commit crimes? It
      feels so good. He can’t wait to tell Terezi that he’s done
      something so BOLD and 1LL3G4L. He starts laughing louder. Tavros is
      laughing too, quiet and cautious at first, but picking up steam as
      he begins to taste the sort of freedom he never allowed himself to
      imagine.</p>
      <p>John turns, shocked to see Jade standing in the bedroom doorway.
      She looks like a shadow with her dark hair hiding her face. John
      can’t tell what kind of expression she’s making under there. She
      speaks softly.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: john...... what are you doing?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: nothing!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: just, uh... fixing this damn broken window,
      is all.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She twitches her dog-ears and raises her face.
      Her mouth is a neutral line, but her eyes are burning
      furiously.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: i heard everything</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The two of them stare at each other for a long
      time. John isn’t sure how he’s supposed to read this moment. He
      used to know Jade better than he knew anyone, but in recent years
      she’s passed him by, just like the rest of the world. Tavros is
      cowering in his closet, fiddling with the strap on his
      backpack.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: so, what are you going to do?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: tell jane?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade flinches like she’s been hit. She flicks
      her tail, breaks eye contact.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: john...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i wouldnt do that to you</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: youd probably end up on jakes stupid
      execution dance off show</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: then are you gonna help me?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She shakes her head.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: i cant do that either</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: you know that this is just going to make
      everything worse right???</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: jade, i don’t know where you’ve been these
      past few years, but i don’t think things CAN get any worse!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, even today, jane was up here
      hollering at jake about how his dick doesn’t work right when she
      KNEW we were all waiting for them downstairs!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i know...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: but all youre going to do by kidnapping him
      is piss everyone off</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Excuse me dearest aunt but,,, is it
      kidnapping if i badly would like to go?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: see!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: siiiiiigh</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i understand where youre coming from but i
      dont think youve actually thought this through</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yes i have, because i’ve been planning it for
      years.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i know that i’ve been pretty, um... flakey in
      the past?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but this is really important. i know what i’m
      doing.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade sighs in frustration and pushes back her
      bangs.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: john, jane is one of the most POWERFUL people
      on the ENTIRE PLANET!!!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: do you REALLY think that you can keep him
      away from her if she wants to get him back???</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: im sorry but you just dont know them like i
      do</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: if you know them so well, jade...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: then you know why i have to do this.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: im on your side here! i know that jane hasnt
      been the best parent...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: but stealing somebodys child???</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: there has to be another way :/</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">A gust of wind blasts in through the window
      and blows back Jade’s hair, leaving it all mussed over her
      shoulders. John points at her.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: if there was another way we would have found
      it by now!!!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but there isn’t one, because everyone’s been
      all... brainwashed by marriage, or whatever the hell happened over
      the last few years that made things be this way!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s like everyone just talks past each other
      all the time!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: john...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m the only one who ever seems to realize
      that something...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that something’s WRONG!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: I would really be chuffed if the two of
      you,,,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: even you, jade!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’re not listening to me right now!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: ,,,would stop quarreling and listen to me
      for a spell,,,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s why karkat left!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: because you didn’t listen to him!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: just like you don’t listen to dave!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: what the fuck, john?!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: this isnt about me and dave</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yes it is!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, not directly, but cosmically, yeah it
      is!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: cosmically?????</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you KNEW that dave and karkat were in love
      with each other, but you went ahead and totally messed with their
      relationship anyway!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: wh... what!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: jade, don’t pretend you have no idea what
      happened.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i.... i cant believe.....</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: john thats such a low blow!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: you dont know the first thing about me and
      daves relationship!!!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i know more than you think i do!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i know that you pressured them into that
      whole relationship.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i know that they both hated it, and only went
      along with it because they care about you and felt obligated!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and jade, i love you, but honestly, how does
      that make you any different than jane?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: im nothing like her!!!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well, you’re nothing like the jade i used to
      know either!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The wind in the room picks up. It skates
      against the walls, dislodges books from the shelf, gets under the
      bedsheets and balloons them off the mattress.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: the jade i used to know was caring and
      selfless! all you ever wanted was for your friends to be safe!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you weren’t this... this SELFISH!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh? is that what this is about john??</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: you dont like it now that im not some
      helpless princess in a tower anymore???</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: you dont like that im doing things for MYSELF
      now?????</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what the hell are you talking about?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: seriously, jade... i don’t even know who you
      are anymore!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: well!!!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i can certainly say the same for you right
      now!!!!!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Aunt jade,,, uncle john,,, you should
      really, uh,,,,,,</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John and Jade stop. There is another shadow
      cast in the doorway. A much darker one.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Excuse me.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She says in a sugar-sweet voice.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: But what the FUCK is going on in here?!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Oh,,, no,,,,,</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: jane!! haha!!!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: we were just</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Hollering at each other so loudly that
      everyone in the darned house can hear you?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, like you’re one to talk.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: John, I know that we have not been as close
      in recent years as we were in the past, but I would like to think
      that at the very least our familial relationship would make it so
      that you felt you could talk to me face to face if you think that
      my method of parenting is insufficient.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: are you sure?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: do you really want to know what i think?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh no........</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Please, John. Illuminate me.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">A lash of wind whips from window to door and
      down the hall in time to meet the rest of the partygoers, now
      including Jake Crocker himself. They’ve all come upstairs to
      investigate the noise. Tavros flinches when a book slams against
      the closet door, two inches from his face.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: wats going on</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh shit</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t know, jane. i feel like if i really
      speak my mind here, it might be dangerous.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: how do i know you won’t have the secret
      police come and arrest me in the night?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Excuse me?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s where this is all going, right?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: your whole... thing with the trolls?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: If you have something to say, then say it
      plainly, John.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: fine.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t think that you had bad intentions to
      start out with, jane.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: in fact, i think that you probably honestly
      thought that you were doing what was best for the world.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’ve always been a perfectionist, right?
      but over the last few years you’ve morphed into a complete control
      freak!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and it all started with your relationship
      with jake.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you forced him into a relationship when
      dirk’s corpse wasn’t even cold!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: (Er i would like to point out... )</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I’m sorry, but you’re calling me a control
      freak? Dirk was the control freak.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: After he died, I distinctly remember
      loosening up, in fact!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I let go! I was actually RELIEVED to hear he
      died!!!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: uhh</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: janey wut</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Okay, that was a misleading statement. What I
      really meant was—</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: jane, you’re missing the point!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: (...that jane and i were involved in a
      romantic dalliance at the time of his death...)</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: dirk is dead. this isn’t about him
      anymore.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’re the one cheering the government along
      as it marches toward genocide!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: John, I hardly think you’re qualified to
      opine on the nuances of the current political situation, thank you
      very much.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ha! is that how you talk to your husband
      too?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: He’s actually, at the moment, my kismesis.
      And if Jake didn’t want any of this, he shouldn’t have knocked me
      up.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Hello chaps i am right here.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh yeah, like that was suuuch an
      accident.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: can you honestly say that he wanted any of
      this!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The wind rises with the pitch of John’s
      yelling, turning Tavros’s bedroom into a miniature tempest. The
      gale upends the bookshelf, snaps open the toy box, and sends all
      the debris spinning in every direction, smashing against the walls
      and bedposts. John doesn’t seem to notice, encased in his own
      cyclonic armor.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh my god i am so sick of all this domestic
      relationship shit every fucking day</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: can we talk about something else for once</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah dave, i’m sick of it too!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s my point!!!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ok</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: then john can you just</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: stop all this windy shit at least</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no! i can’t!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i can’t stop, because i’m not the
      problem!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Are you saying that I’m the problem? That’s
      extremely reductive.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok, yeah, there are lots of problems!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but i’ve got to say, jane, you kind of ARE
      the problem?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: a lot of this awful garbage revolves around
      you!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’re the one always selling everybody on
      gamzee’s “redemption arc,” which is TOTAL BULLSHIT!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: putting him on billboards, organizing
      “redemption rallies,” and, and...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: John, the people need something to believe
      in, if we are to live in an organized society. You simply wouldn’t
      understand.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and letting him... letting him sleep in your
      and jake’s bed!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and feeding him that... that weird MILK all
      the time!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: UGH!!!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Hey! My relationship with my loyal auspistice
      is none of your business, let alone who it is I decide to share a
      bed with.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: isn’t it?!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you sure go out of your way to shove it in
      everyone’s face!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: John, that is just uncalled for.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s bullshit, jane!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: all!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: BULLSHIT!!!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The wind surges again. The window bangs open
      so hard that it smashes against the pane, sending shards of glass
      whipping through the storm. Everyone cowers from the rain of sharp
      projectiles. John catches what he’s doing when he sees how
      terrified the kids look. He shuts his eyes and digs his fingernails
      into his palms, doing everything in his power to calm himself
      down.</p>
      <p>When he opens his eyes again, the room is completely destroyed.
      Tavros is all the way in his closet, clinging white-knuckled to the
      edge of the door. Everyone else is clustered around the doorway.
      Jade stares at John with a dark expression. After a beat of
      silence, Harry Anderson starts crying.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i... i...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Roxy won’t meet his eyes. Dave won’t either.
      John turns to Tavros, opens his mouth to apologize, but the kid
      just ducks deeper into the closet, trembling.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m sor—</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: No one wants to hear it, John.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John staggers back a few steps, toward the
      broken window. His vision is blurring beneath a pool of angry tears
      that he can’t hold back anymore. He wipes his face with both hands,
      all sloppy and clumsy, the way he used to cry when he was a kid. He
      doesn’t open his eyes again until he’s jumped through the open
      window. The sky outside is dark.</p>
      <p>He flies higher and higher, high enough that the air starts to
      get thin and chilly. Up here, the Human Kingdom looks so small. He
      can see the sun setting over the curvature of the Earth, a
      brilliant arc of orange and red. It’s like looking down at a little
      toy city, a ship in a bottle. That’s what the world feels like now:
      a tiny, fake model planet living inside a bubble. Look too hard,
      and the illusion cracks around the edges. Like the black hole in
      John’s anime dreams. There’s a trembling in his hands that he
      hasn’t felt in years. He looks up at the glimmering stratosphere
      and imagines piercing through it. Would that pop the bubble, he
      wonders? Or would he go hurtling through space, forever?</p>
      <p>He’s contemplating that—just flying up as far as he can, until
      he flies into the sun or stops existing or whatever—until he
      realizes that his phone is buzzing in his pocket. He takes it out,
      almost drops it because of how cold his hands are. His breath is
      frosting in the air as he looks at the screen. The color of the
      text sends a jolt through his blood. With shaking fingers, he
      answers the text.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: JOHN</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4R3 YOU TH3R3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 R34LLY N33D TO T4LK TO SOM3ON3 R1GHT
      NOW</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah. me too.</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>