<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 35</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s35'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 35</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">W</span>hile John
      dealt with the sight by immediately turning and walking away, and
      the Earth Vriska dove into a nearby bush for safety, Vriska is
      contending with her predicament through willful denial. She’s
      resolved to do everything in her power to prevent herself from
      thinking about the situation directly behind her. It is a situation
      which, if she could bear to look at it, would strike her as the
      precise intersection between the most humiliating moment of her
      existence, an unprecedented circus mishap, and a gruesome crime
      scene. Her attempt to ignore the unspeakable catastrophe behind her
      may nearly have worked, if not for the reminder provided by the
      many fresh bloodstains on her shirt. Not only stains of her own
      familiar cerulean hue, but others of a most unwelcome color
      mingling with them. A color she never imagined she’d see
      contaminating her cool and casual ensemble, and certainly not in a
      context like this.</p>
      <p>Her attempt to distract herself, to delay the inevitable
      engagement with her poor judgment, would not fly for much longer.
      Sooner or later, she would have to turn around and confront the
      fact that she just kissed a very smelly clown, head-on.</p>
      <p>No. She doesn’t want to. She WON’T.</p>
      <p>There’s a rustling in the grass behind her, as Gamzee shifts his
      grotesque, supine length. Nope. She covers her ears. She remembers
      the shame and excoriation of her childhood—the fear, the pressure,
      being coerced to do awful things to undeserving kids. All that
      embarrassing effort she spent trying to emulate her ancestor. She
      threw every bit of herself into the role, but in recent years
      reflecting on the charade has only made her cringe. And in what
      couldn’t have been more than an hour ago, she was on the precipice
      of watching the glorious defeat of Lord English after unleashing a
      secret weapon that she went to the bother of retrieving and
      wielding against him. And then…</p>
      <p>No, she doesn’t want to dwell on that moment. It was almost as
      bad as kissing a juggalo. Almost. But nothing can compete with
      this. Nothing could even come close. Yet as she stands there,
      feeling soiled and ashamed, there’s no denying it. The moment she
      stuck her tongue in the heinous mouth of that frisky, unwashed
      jester, she began jackhammering through the stubborn concrete of
      rock bottom like she was digging up the corpse of a mob snitch.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: HeY (vRiSkA) mY bOoTyLiCiOuS bAbY
      bItCh.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: YoUr BaD bOnE dAdDy Is GeTtIn To Be A
      cHiLlY mOtHeRfUcKeR fRoM tHiS dAnK sUmMeR bReEzE.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: hOw AbOuT wE gEt OuR wIcKeD sNuGgLe On
      DoWn At ThIs GrAsS wE jUsT mAdE aLl NaStY iN. :o)</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She shudders. Somehow during her
      self-incriminating reverie, she’d managed to forget that she’s not
      even Vriska anymore. She’s now (Vriska). She scans the bushes and
      spots her. The sixteen-year-old girl who’d somehow earned the right
      to call herself Vriska. The adopted teen daughter of Rose and
      Kanaya Maryam-Lalonde. The person who, for all anyone knew, might
      be an exact genetic double of (Vriska) herself.</p>
      <p>Not that she had any grounds to object. She missed her shot.
      Snatched shame from the jaws of glory and washed up on the shores
      of this candy-coated shithole of an approximation of what a
      paradise planet might look like to certain individuals. The small
      sob she’s been stifling finally comes out. Tears cut through the
      oily, shining mask of blue, purple, and mud on her face.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: HeY bEaUtIfUl. :O)</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: iS sOmEtHiNg MoThEr FuCkIn ThE
      mAtTeR?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: We CaN tAlK aLl OpEn At EaCh OtHeR aBoUt
      ThE sAd NoIsE hApPeNiNg In OuR bOsOm NoW tHaT wE aLl MaDe ThE
      sOrDiD pLeDgE tO pRaCtIcE tHe WiCkEd InTiMaCy On ThE mOtHeRfUcKiN
      rEgUlAr.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">(Vriska) nearly vomits but holds it together.
      She wipes the tears off her face in a flurry of indignant motions,
      smearing the blood around. She looks at her hands, notices the
      blood, and continues cleaning her face, using her tears as a
      solvent and wiping the blood on her shirt.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Gamzee...</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Can you just</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Not talk?</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): For just a little while, so I
      can...</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: :o)</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): So I can...</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): I don’t know.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Just.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): 8e quiet.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: HONK!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Her final sniffle is a snort of anger. If
      nothing else, she’s learning something about herself today. Nothing
      sobers her up emotionally quite like the post-amorous
      insubordination of a raunchy clown. It’s almost like a smelling
      salt. She sneers, revealing a fang, and spins on her heel to face
      him.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Did you hear what I F8CKING
      said????????</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">If his infuriating exclamation was just a
      whiff of the smelling salt, actually looking directly at him again
      is like upending the whole barrel and pouring it all over her face.
      She recoils involuntarily, but regroups. Her gaze sweeps across his
      entire ungainly form from head to foot. He’s got his head propped
      up with one arm, elbow in the grass. His legs are crossed. His face
      is a disaster. One eye swollen shut, nose broken, widely-smiling
      mouth split vertically down the lips. And hanging from his mouth
      is...</p>
      <p>Is that a baby bottle?</p>
      <p>She doesn’t even want to think about where he might have been
      concealing it all this time. What sort of milk was that? It’s
      another question she immediately wishes she hadn’t just asked
      herself. She curls the other side of her lip to reveal both fangs
      now. She stomps forward, plants her left foot in the ground, and
      uses her right to punt the baby bottle clean out of his mouth,
      sending it flying several hundred yards to land just beyond a
      distant row of trees. The rubber nipple remains stuck in his
      clenched teeth, his face now coated with a good portion of the
      punted bottle’s milk.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: Aw MoThEr FuCk SuGaRpUsS. :o(</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: mY nAnNa NeCtAr!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">(Vriska) presses her foot down on his chest
      and pins his back flush against the grass. He exhales with a
      startled wheeze at the sudden force.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): You 8etter fucking listen up,
      Makara.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): I don’t know what you may have
      thought... THIS was. Whatever the fuck it was that just happened
      here.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): 8ut let me clue you in.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): It was NOTHING.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Nothing happened here.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Do we understand each other, you
      reprehensi8le, malodorous PIECE OF SHIT?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: honk. :o)</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She glares down at him with an intensity that
      would cause any other man to wither, were he not a reeking pile of
      circus manure. Gamzee’s expression however remains steadfast in its
      vaguely lewd sense of serenity. He simply gazes back at her, his
      smile slowly broadening. The milk seems to be mixing with the blood
      on his face, slightly lightening the tint of the purple.</p>
      <p>She hears a faint digital clicking somewhere. What is that? It
      seems to be coming from just behind her. She turns around.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): What the fuck do you think you’re
      doing????????</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">At the end of his long, outstretched arm, his
      hand is working a smartphone. He’s smearing blood on the screen as
      he’s typing a text to someone. Even at a casual glance, (Vriska)
      can tell he’s going to the bother of alternating capital and
      lowercase letters in the text, making it take more than twice as
      long. Somehow this makes her even more pissed off about it than if
      he were just broadcasting their snogging fiasco without the use of
      a typing quirk.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: I gOtS tO fUcKiN tElL mY nUmBeR oNe
      InVeRtEbRoThEr AbOuT aLl WhAt JuSt GoT dId.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: hE aNd I aReN’t As TiGhT aS tHe BoYs We
      UsEd To RoLl As, BuT hE sHoUlD gEt HiS kIcK oN aBoUt WhAt A hIgHlY
      uNaNtIcIpAtEd YeT bItChIn PiEcE oF hOt N hEaVy HoRsEpLaY i WaS jUsT
      mAdE tO pArToOk.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): You were just “made” to... ?!</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Why you FUCKING...</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): You’re not telling Karkat a8out
      this!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): You’re n8t telling ANY8NE. Do you hear
      me, cl8wn????????</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: LoL.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: mOtHeRfUcKiN sHaMe On Me, FoR fAiLiNg To
      ReCoGnIzE uP sOoNeR fOr HoW cUtE yOu ArE wHeN yOu’Re AnGrY. :o)</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): AAAAAAAARGH!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: NoW wHy DoN’t YoU cOmE aLl SeTtLe YoUr
      WoRkEd Up WiGgLeR aSs DoWn HeRe WiTh YoUr SaLtY nEw RuMpUs UnClE sO
      i CaN sNaP sOmE mOtHeRfUcKiN sElFiEs, My FiRm YeT sLiPpErY lItTlE
      pAsSiOn PeAcH.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): GIVE ME TH8T!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She snatches the phone out of his hand, holds
      it from either side, and breaks it in half. She then spikes both
      pieces down at him, missing, but causing him to flinch
      nonetheless.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): No selfies, no texts, no N8THING!</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Which fucking part of “you’re not
      telling anyone” is so hard to understand?!</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): This NEVER HAPPENED.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Not a single fucking word of this is
      EVER going to 8e 8reathed, whispered, or honked to ANY8ODY.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): LEAST of all any insinuation that this
      is something I “made” you do. You GET me, fuckface??</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): I didn’t MAKE you do anything.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): You were slo88ering all over my FUCKING
      foot, while I was 8eating the SHIT out of you.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): I SAW that look on your face.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): I saw your how your codpiece was,
      like...</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Ok, never mind that.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): I mean, once we were actually... you
      were totally into... don’t even try to convince me you weren’t,
      like...</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): UGH!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Why am I even TALKING a8out this??</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): I DON’T NEED TO JUSTIFY MYSELF TO A
      DISGUSTING, HORNY PIECE OF FILTH LIKE YOU!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Gamzee’s expression changes slightly. He
      retains his unfortunate aura of amorous placidity, but there’s now
      a hint of sadness.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: I dOn’T kNoW aBoUt AlL tHe BuSiNeSs YoU
      sAiD, hOnEyNiPs.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: i’Ve GoT tO fEeLiNg ThAt WoNdEr In My
      HeArT wHiCh SaYs MaYbE i GoT eRoTiCaLlY bUsHwAcKeD hErE.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: i’M sO cOnFuSeD... i DoN’t HaRdLy KnOw At
      WhIcH wAy Is Up AnYmOrE, aBoUt My OrIgInAl WaNtInGs FoR tHe NaStY
      dAnCe We JuSt DiD.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: MaYbE tHe TrUtH oF tHe ShIt Is MoRe
      LiKe...</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: I gOt ThE aDvAnTaGe TaKeN oF mE.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">(Vriska)’s face contorts with rage.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): You son of a 8itch.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): This was C8NSENSUAL!</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): If ANYONE didn’t consent to this horror
      show it was ME, RETRO8CTIVELY!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: :o(</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: VrIsKa, I...</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: gOt To MoThEr FuCkInG sAy.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: tHiS wHoLe ExPeRiEnCe HaS lEfT a
      MoThErFuCkEr FeElInG a LiL bIt UnCoMfY.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: uNcOmFy, UnReSpEcTeD, uSeD, aNd MaYbE
      aLsO,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: JuSt An EeNsY wEeNsY iTtY lItTlE
      bIt...</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: uNsAfE. :o(</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): I don’t care if you feel
      “unsafe”!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): You’re a lying, disingenuous puddle of
      sideshow puke, and I don’t 8elieve for a SECOND you meant ANY of
      that!</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): The 8NLY thing that matters here is
      that you keep your F8CKING MOUTH SHUT A8OUT WH8T WE JUST
      D8D!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: (VrIsKa), My MeAn QuEeN sQuEeZe, AnD
      bOrDeRlInE sExUaL vIlLaIn,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: i GoTs ReAsOnS oF sElF pRoTeCtIoN aGaInSt
      YoUr PrObLeMaTiC hOlLeRs ThAt I sHoUlD kEeP tHe WiCkEd ShIt ZiPpEd,
      JuSt LiKe YoU sAy.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: TeLl It To Me FuCkIn StRaIgHt, TuRbO
      tUsH...</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: dO tHeSe LoOk LiKe LoOsE lIpS tO yOu?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">If (Vriska) were to be honest, Gamzee’s
      swollen, battered mouth was just about the most structurally
      incontinent feature she’d ever seen on a person’s face. That limp,
      floppy maw couldn’t keep a cantaloupe secure, much less a
      secret.</p>
      <p>She drops down and straddles him in a way that is unmistakably
      non-amorous, even to an extraordinarily obtuse, randy juggalo. She
      puts her shaking hands around his neck and grips tight. She
      positions her face inches from his, hissing hot breath through her
      clenched teeth.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): NO ONE IS GOING TO FIND OUT A8OUT THIS
      YOU FUCKING 8ASTARD.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): NO ONE WILL EVER KNOW, SO HELP ME
      G8D.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">(Vriska) is so furious, she has no way of
      pinpointing the exact moment her intent stopped being intimidating
      him into silence and started being guaranteeing his silence,
      forever. She knows this impostor was never a real god tier. She’s
      always known, just like everyone else. Once he’s gone, he’ll be
      gone for good. She just needs another minute. Her grip grows
      tighter, and she feels the throbbing pulse beneath her hands
      gradually subside. His arms flail, grab at hers, clutch at her
      wrists. He’s alarmingly strong. But at this particular moment, not
      as strong as her.</p>
      <p>And then, she lets go. His face is frozen in a repellent mask
      exhibiting the perfectly undetectable difference between terror and
      ecstasy. He’s dead.</p>
      <p>(Vriska) exhales forcefully, staggers to her feet, shaking. She
      backs up a few steps, studying the corpse. If her body language
      signals any remorse or sadness, the witness in the bushes certainly
      can’t tell.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">Oh shit. (Vriska) had already forgotten about
      her, somehow. Her stylishly dressed teen duplicate, who surely just
      witnessed not only the original feat of debauchery, but all the
      compromising activity which followed as well. (Vriska) would
      probably need to have a few words with her.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">Vriska stands up slowly from the bush,
      obviously trying not to look at the lifeless clown. She puts a hand
      behind her head and seems to be casting about desperately for the
      right thing to say during such a moment. But soon it’s clear she’s
      given up. (Vriska) doesn’t blame her. She can’t imagine there being
      anything in anybody’s life that could adequately prepare them to
      have a snappy response ready for a situation like this.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md" stylw="margin-bottom:0">
      <p class="vriska">Vriska: Hey.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(Vriska): Sup.</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>