<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 28</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s28'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 28</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">T</span>hat being
      said, it’s very rude, all things considered, for Karkat to start a
      war on Harry Anderson’s birthday.</p>
      <p>John’s floating above the outskirts of the Human Capital,
      letting the breeze toss him to and fro. He’s hanging upside down in
      the air watching the first stage of the Troll Rebellion’s forward
      assault begin to establish their defensive position along the
      border. Despite the government’s paranoid crackdown on troll
      reproduction, they’ve ended up vastly outnumbered anyway thanks to
      the incalculable deluge of troll ghosts pouring down from the sky
      over the last decade. Someone with political opinions might think
      that this entire quagmire was one of the human government’s own
      making.</p>
      <p>John isn’t really on record as “having political opinions,” but
      he does think that the government approached this entire subject
      like it was trying to hold on to a water balloon by squeezing it
      too tight, and now it’s about to explode in their faces. He’s
      wondering if he should go see his son one last time before that
      happens. The battle is shaping up to be a pretty serious
      engagement. Both sides armed to the teeth, with all modern military
      technology at their disposal. Warships, laser guns, laser cannons,
      laser mines. Laser mines? Would those be mines that shot lasers, or
      lasers that tripped mines? John hasn’t been keeping up with the
      recent innovations in weaponry, although he has noted that the lock
      industry has finally started to take off. Dave said that this was
      all to be expected in a war economy. But John tuned out most of his
      analysis, which is what everyone does when Dave starts talking
      about the economy.</p>
      <p>A flash above the clouds catches John’s attention: another
      ghost, falling down from wherever it is they come from. John
      follows after the light with an exhausted sigh. The novelty of dead
      trolls falling from the sky has really worn off over the years. But
      he might as well go warn the new arrival that they’ve landed in the
      middle of an imminent warzone. He sets down at the edge of the
      crater and peers through the smoke.</p>
      <p>He recognizes the ghost immediately, because he sees a younger
      version of her almost every day.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">Vriska’s face snaps up, eyes blazing. Eyes.
      Actual eyes, with expression, color, pupils, and everything.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: wait. you’re...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: alive??</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John skids down the side of the crater and
      helps her sit up. He wasn’t imagining it. She’s extremely alive.
      And extremely wounded. And above all, extremely Vriska.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh my god. you’re not just “vriska”...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’re *actually* vriska!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’re like, literal, for real, actual
      vriska!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Vriska shoves John away and staggers to her
      feet. There’s a bleeding gash on her head and something lodged in
      her chest. It appears to be the same material as whatever was
      piercing the center of teen-Jade’s corpse. She’s bleeding bright
      blue all down her side, but her expression is wild.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: What the F8CK are you t8lking a8out?</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Where am I????????</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: I c8n’t 8e here! I h8ve to go
      8ACK!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: back where?</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: I need to see what happened!</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: I NEED TO KNOW HOW IT TURNED OUT!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: how *what* turned out?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: vriska, you’re bleeding horribly, and talking
      total nonsense.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: we need to get you some help.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She whirls around and grabs John by the
      shoulders. She starts shaking him, voice cracking with crazed
      desperation.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: I need to go 8ack!</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: I need to SEE!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: I NEED TO SEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>