<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 40</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s40'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 40</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">F</span>rom atop
      the tallest bell tower in the Carapace Kingdom, the sky looks like
      something painted by a crazy person. The fierce lights of war on
      the horizon stain the sunset in unnatural hues: ultraviolet
      pigments of red and purple slash through the atmosphere in harsh,
      jagged strokes. The cracks in the sky above are a diseased shade of
      green, bright bolts receding like lightning in a storm. Dead-Jade,
      host to the cherub’s spirit, floats at the apex of the tower. The
      blitzkrieg above makes a kaleidoscope of color between the black
      stripes on her tights.</p>
      <p>Aradia glides up to meet her, having left Sollux on the balcony.
      Above, in the sky, a hole has opened up. One so big it fills the
      entire radius of her vision.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: oh thats very dramatic</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The dead cherub says nothing. Aradia flits in
      front of her face and looks into her eyes. They’re the same black
      as the vortex above, so absolutely dark that they reflect no
      light.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i think i understand whats going on
      now</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: do you?</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i mean i think i understand what i was
      seeing</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: when i watched as everything broke
      apart</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: and got swallowed up by the black
      hole</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: which is where i ended up too</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: that black hole...</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: thats basically you right</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: yes.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: and when you speak of your brother</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: thats lord english</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: yes.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: and hes dead</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: not just yet.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: oh</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: then... where is he</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: ...</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i see</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: going to keep us in cryptic suspense as
      usual are we</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: haha thats fine :)</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: yes, it is.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i did think it was odd that we ended up
      in this timeline after all was said and done</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: such a strange and unremarkable place to
      be after witnessing such awesome calamity</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: theres something</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: hm</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Aradia pinches her thumb and forefinger
      together.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: off about this place</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: just a little bit</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: yes, you would think so.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: lesser beings have so much trouble
      perceiving divinity in the uncanny.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: lesser?</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: you have proven yourself a valuable
      servant, and pleasant company.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: but yes, you are lesser.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: haha ok</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: well</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: it could always be worse i suppose</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: you said that we were the “lucky ones” if
      i recall correctly</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: all in this place are luckier than
      those who are not, in a certain way.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: but what way is that</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: the people on this planet seem so...</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: well i dont want to be mean</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: but is that the paradox of living in a
      utopia</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: when everything is perfect and your every
      need is met</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: is it natural for people to start
      crossing blades at imaginary enemies</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: i doubt that’s what troubles you
      about this world.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: oh?</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: what you’ve described is a state of
      empirical ennui resulting from the material circumstances here.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: but the material circumstances of
      this world have no objective existential value.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: this world, unlike the canonical
      horrors from which it is hermetically insulated, will always fail
      to meet the combined criteria for truth, relevance, and
      essentiality that would endow this realm with any real gravity.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: its own naturally occurring supply
      of gravity, rather than the artificial supply i have given it.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: as such, what transpires here is
      characterized by experiential frivolity.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: physically, it is cordoned off by
      the black hole’s event horizon. it is safe. untouchable.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: inescapable.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: that sounds ominous</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: it cannot be ominous because it
      cannot truly be anything with tangible significance.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: one could describe it as a
      phantasmal projection confined within my horizon.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: it was created by a choice that made
      it possible for that horizon to expand infinitely, to consume
      infinitely.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: and since that choice could not
      coexist with canon events, this place manifested here to support
      its consequences.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: if this world were capable of
      anything either essential, relevant, or true in some stable
      combination, then it would perpetuate a corrosive paradox.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: as such, insulation from what is out
      there, and the inescapable well it rests in, is what protects all
      it holds inside.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: and since i am the embodiment of the
      black hole in which it rests,</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: i am the one protecting this
      world.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: why?</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: if its so irrelevant whats the point</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: it is simply my duty to defend the
      innocent from destruction, degradation, and dissolution.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: but there is more to consider than
      just my nature.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: as it happens, this projection
      within me serves as a stable conceptual foothold from which i can
      sense and resist another growing threat which is determined to
      jeopardize the canonical plane of reality.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: ah yes the prince</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i still have no idea who he is</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: not that i doubt you really</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: we had a prince who was a huge jerk who
      destroyed everything he touched</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: the prince i am referring to
      electively removed himself from this reality in order to
      strategically consolidate his power.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: he cannot threaten this world. and
      yet by sequestering himself elsewhere, has become infinitely more
      dangerous.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: what makes him so dangerous</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i mean</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: what exactly is it he can do which is
      more destructive than what i was seeing just before i came
      here?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The cherub makes a rare physical gesture with
      her hands to begin framing her next statements. Aradia notes this
      and strives to listen more closely.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: physical destruction is one
      thing.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: obliteration of the entire canvas
      for all of reality over a given cosmic span is another.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: and yet there are even more
      insidious forms of destruction and subversion of life to
      consider.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: methods that are difficult to grasp
      for those on your plane.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: yes yes im quite inferior i know</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: but im also very curious!</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: can you try me?</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: of course.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: let’s begin by examining the nature
      of a story.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: ok</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: it will be easier to do this if we
      have an example of a story to discuss.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: some stories are impossibly long.
      but others can be quite short.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: some can even be a few words.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: what’s your favorite story?</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: my favorite?</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: um</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i dont know how to answer that really</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: don’t you like stories?</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: of course i do!</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: but do you mean like</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: a book? a movie?</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: anything.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: ummm</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: pick literally any example you can
      think of.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: ok</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: theres a famous religious story from my
      planet</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: about someone called the signless</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: who i guess turned out to be my friends
      ancestor which was weird</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: but thats beside the point</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: yes, i know of the tale.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: how would you tell his story, if you
      were trying to be as brief as possible?</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: well</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: a religious martyr attempted to lead a
      rebellion but he was killed in a horrible way and shouted a very
      loud rude word in the process</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: that’s good.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: try making it shorter though.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: ok</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: a martyr tried to rebel but he was killed
      horribly and then shouted a rude word</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: shorter.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: wow</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: um...</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: a martyr rebelled but died and shouted
      rudely?</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: shorter.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: oof</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: ok hows this</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: a martyr died and said fuck</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: perfect.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: what is the point of this</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: to establish an extremely short
      narrative for certain illustrative purposes.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: i’m going to repeat your story to
      you, and i want you to listen carefully.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: a martyr died and said fuck.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: ok i listened</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: thats definitely the short story i just
      said</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: yes.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: now i’m going to repeat the story,
      but change the way i say it very slightly.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: listen again carefully.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: ...</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: <span class="calliope-dead-story type-rg type-sm--md">a martyr died and said
      fuck.</span></p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: hmm</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: yes that was a little different</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: im not sure that i could describe how
      though it was pretty subtle</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: yes.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: you noticed because i told you to
      pay attention for a difference.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: you noticed because you were alert
      to the fact that there was even something to notice at all.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: and if you had not been alert to the
      fact that something could be different about the nature of the
      voice telling your story, or to the fact that such differences had
      a certain significance, you likely would not have noticed.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i see</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: yes i think youre right</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: but now imagine that i told your
      story in exactly that way. that i said,</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: <span class="calliope-dead-story type-rg type-sm--md">a martyr died and said
      fuck.</span></p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: but it was the first time you ever
      heard that story.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: also imagine you couldn’t see me and
      didn’t even know i existed.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: and imagine you couldn’t even hear
      the story i just told with your ears.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: it simply entered your awareness in
      some other manner, in a way that was impersonal. almost like one of
      your own thoughts speaking to you.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: ok</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: picture that this is all you have
      ever known of this story. the only way it would ever occur to you
      that the story could be understood by another.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: and then, one day, you meet me.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: you look me up and down, and regard
      me as the discrete, specific individual that i am.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: and i decide to tell you this story
      again, using my own voice.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: and it sounds exactly like this:</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: a martyr died and said fuck.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: huh...</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: does this change the way you
      perceive the story you were originally familiar with?</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i guess a little bit</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: it’s certainly a different way of hearing
      it</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: but at least you didnt change any words
      so i guess its not all that different</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: exactly.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: i didn’t change any words.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: but then, it was a very short story
      i told, wasn’t it?</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: sure was</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: now imagine it was much longer, and
      that was only the first line.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: thats easy to imagine</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: his was a long story</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: quite true.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: a story as short as the one we’ve
      been using cannot accomplish much when it comes to guiding and
      manipulating one’s awareness and emotions.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: it is compact, ostensibly commanding
      a simple and meditative moment of reflection, as a short poem
      might.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: the narrative it delivers is
      freighted with inference. it is a pattern imprinted upon the
      imagination consisting solely of cognitive dark matter, or a sort
      of notional negative space.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: but longer stories have the power to
      draw consciousness into them. they possess arresting and hypnotic
      qualities which can be used by their tellers to alter the awareness
      of the listener.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: again, i’d like you to imagine this
      is the only way you’ve ever known this story.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: but then it continues...</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: <span class="calliope-dead-story type-rg type-sm--md">a martyr died and said
      fuck.</span></p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE:</p>
      <p>his final howl of profanity reverberated through the ages.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE:</p>
      <p>it inspired his devotees during the darkest times of a brutal
      regime.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE:</p>
      <p>his lessons were guarded, kept secret, espoused in the shadows
      of tyranny.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE:</p>
      <p>a vision of peace would inspire those who’d never conceived of
      it.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE:</p>
      <p>and though his death was gruesome, it opened the world to a
      feeling of hope.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: <span class="calliope-dead-story type-rg type-sm--md">this hope echoed through
      the ages.</span></p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE:</p>
      <p>it gave his disciples the strength to persist as they perished
      in droves.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE:</p>
      <p>it was the only light to shine on a dark planet for millions of
      sweeps.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE:</p>
      <p>and if you are one so devoted to his teachings, who sees truth
      in his words,</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: <span class="calliope-dead-story type-rg type-sm--md">it may be said with great
      authority that</span> you are wrong.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: you are foolish to believe his lies.
      his martyrdom is false, his sacrifice hollow.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: repent for your adherence to this
      illusion now, and perhaps leniency will be your reward.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: 0_0</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: what just happened there</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: i brought to your attention that the
      story you were listening to had a speaker with a specific
      identity.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: and where there is an identity,
      there can also be an agenda.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: i gained the power to bend your
      consciousness to become more amenable to my narrative agenda by
      lulling you into a more receptive state through the established
      rhythm of the story’s telling.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: this was only possible because you
      were not initially questioning the identity of the teller, or even
      considering that there was an identity to consider.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i guess youre right</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: hence, we may view any story as
      speakerless, or spoken, so as to bring designations to the duality
      i have just presented.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: a story may remain speakerless from
      the beginning until the end, offering no reason for its listener to
      ever imagine it is of the spoken sort.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: it can also be spoken from the
      beginning, which is an up-front announcement to the listener that
      it carries the perspective of an individual.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: but a spoken story may also disguise
      itself as one that is speakerless, as mine just did.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: the speaker may reveal herself well
      after speakerless conditions have been established.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: and then one may ask. was it spoken
      by that individual all along while remaining masked, or has the
      speaker suddenly intervened to command a heretofore speakerless
      tale?</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i dont...</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: well in your case</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: it certainly did seem like you were the
      one speaking all along</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: but using different voices</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: that’s true.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: not all situations are like the one
      i just demonstrated though.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: for as long as the hypothetical
      speaker of a speakerless story remains masked, then it is true that
      the story could be seen as either speakerless or spoken. both are
      true, as well as neither.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: it is best seen as a null factor,
      until there is a departure.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: once a hidden speaker becomes
      unmasked, then retroactively the story may be considered spoken all
      along.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: and so too do we retroactively
      change how we regard what has already been spoken.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: yeah</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i guess with our martyr story</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: by revealing yourself as the teller it
      turned out...</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: you werent even sympathetic to the very
      story it seemed you were trying to get me invested in from the
      beginning</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: almost like a mean prank!</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: yes.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: and so there is a very dangerous and
      destructive quality to these nebulous forces which i have gone to
      some lengths to demonstrate for you here.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: not everyone who is affected by
      these forces is fit to fully grasp their insidious qualities, or
      the sense of urgency that they must be resisted with.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: this is the sort of corruption i now
      must dedicate my existence in this new body to ending once and for
      all.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The cherub falls silent. Aradia takes this to
      mean this lesson of sorts has ended. She ruminates on it all for a
      while before speaking again.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: thats all pretty neat i guess</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: so...</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: does this stuff have anything to do with
      this big hole that just opened in the sky</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: no.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: then...</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: what?</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: what are we doing here oh great muse</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Aradia starts giggling. Above, the sky yawns
      open a little wider. Aradia waits, but gets no response.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: even now when youre being
      uncharacteristically forthcoming youre still impossible to talk
      to</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i understand that though</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i was like that when i was dead too</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: like what?</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: irrepressibly cryptic</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: i see.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: so</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: can i at least take a guess?</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: yes.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: HES coming through there isnt he</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: your brother</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: that’s correct.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: are we in danger?</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: he will certainly be very angry.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: but he will also be wounded.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: and even on his best day,</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: he would be no match for what i have
      become.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: 0_0!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The cherub drifts higher and higher. There’s a
      glint of color at the center of the abyss—a flash like a star going
      black on the rim of a dying galaxy. Aradia follows behind the
      cherub, unable to pull her eyes away from the eerie phenomena
      overhead.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: what will you do when he comes</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The cherub is focused on something very small
      falling from above. The bright object flutters down from the broken
      sky and lands in her host body’s outstretched hand. It’s a feather,
      burnt at the edges, flickering orange and green.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: consume his body.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: absorb his essence.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: and then using this host, i will
      generate enough power to move beyond the staggering pull of the
      event horizon encasing this world.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: a prison of my own making, which can
      be escaped only through the supreme unification with my other
      half.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: it is crucial to the cosmos that i
      succeed.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: the prince of heart has to be
      stopped.</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>