<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 5</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s5'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 5</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: did you hear that john left his house?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: multiple days in a row even!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: NO FUCKING WAY. THAT’S INCREDIBLE. I’VE
      NEVER HEARD OF SUCH A THING.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: SOMEONE LEAVING THEIR HOUSE? STOP THE
      FUCKING PRESSES.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: karkat....</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IS IT A SLOW NEWS DAY IN THE CONSORT
      KINGDOM OR SOMETHING?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade finishes pruning a dead bulb off her arum
      lily plant and flicks it at Karkat’s forehead. Then she politely
      pulls the blinds shut, because god forbid even a sliver of sunlight
      ever infect Dave and Karkat’s hive. Jade doesn’t live here,
      technically, but there’s domestic evidence of her all over the
      hive. Her plants, her bass, her clothes slung over the couch where
      she sleeps for weeks at a time...</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: im being serious dumpass</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i was really worried about him!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I’M BEING SERIOUS TOO. I WAS ACTUALLY
      BEGINNING TO WONDER IF JOHN HAD DIED.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BUT WHAT THE FUCK WERE WE SUPPOSED TO DO
      ABOUT IT? IT’S NOT LIKE HE ANSWERS THE PHONE.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: well if you CARE so much then maybe dont
      respond with sarcasm when i tell you that hes getting better!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: guys its not a competition we were all
      worried about john</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: were we??</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: whens the last time either of you tried to
      hang out with him?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHEN’S THE LAST TIME EITHER OF US LEFT
      THE HIVE?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah shut ins living in glass hives shouldnt
      throw uh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: actually if we lived in a glass hive way too
      much light would come in for karkats brutal photosensitivity
      issues</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so wed probably cover all the walls with
      like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: lots of curtains and sheets of thick
      fabric</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so i guess maybe we COULD throw stones?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like kinda small ones so that the fabric
      could easily absorb the momentum</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: also me and karkat would probably be too lazy
      to throw the stones that hard anyway</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so i think actually this scenario is pretty
      workable here</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: it provides for a certain threshold of
      allowable minimum hypocrisy</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: dave this sucks</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no it doesnt</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: im giving thoughtful and critical
      consideration to a cliche which is long past due</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: a glass house with wall to wall curtains
      creates what im going to theorize as an incredibly important “self
      owning buffer”</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: this is a huge breakthrough and also its
      fucking science</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you of all people should appreciate the work
      being done here</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh my GOD</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i never thought id be thinking of you as my
      weird nerd friend by the time we were in our twenties</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah well i never thought youd be like the
      premiere woo girl on the planet</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what are you even doing here with us</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dont you usually spend your weekends at 48
      hour interspecies raves or doing arctic expeditions with jake or
      whatever</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: those two things are not always mutually
      exclusive hehe</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: UGH</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade floats over to the couch, shooting her
      two besties a salacious smile. She taps Karkat on the nose as she
      passes by.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: im just enjoying my youth</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: you could be enjoying it too hehehehe</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She retrieves one of her bras from where it’s
      hanging over the back of the couch. She starts changing it right
      there, doing that mystical sleight of hand girls seem to be born
      with the knowledge of, where the bra goes off and then on again
      without the shirt being removed. Jade doesn’t exactly have the best
      understanding of “interpersonal boundaries,” having been raised
      mostly by a dog, but still. It’s a weird, intimate, and
      uncomfortably close to sexual thing to be doing in front of other
      people. Dave and Karkat share a vaguely mortified look. Jade sort
      of lives here, but she doesn’t <em>that</em> sort of live here.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: but seriously.... what do you two even do
      holed up in here together all the time?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat snorts, still pointedly not looking at
      her.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OH I’M SORRY, HAVE YOU NOT SEEN DAVE’S
      ILL BEGOTTEN ART EMPIRE?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HE’S GOT HIS OPPOSABLE DIGITS STUCK IN SO
      MANY DOUBLE-STACKED HUSKLOAFS THAT EVEN I DON’T KNOW ALL HIS PEN
      NAMES.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: ok so thats what dave does</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: what do YOU do??</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade puts her feet on the floor and pads over
      so she can sling her arms over the back of the couch and lay her
      cheek on the cushion. The look she gives Karkat is just shy of
      devious. Karkat defensively scuttles to the other end of the couch,
      where he ends up pressed flush against Dave’s entire left side.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I UH</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: sit around and play video games all day?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HEY! THAT’S NOT THE ONLY THING I DO!
      I’VE...</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: DONE LAUNDRY.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: once or twice</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ALSO, WHAT HUMANS REFER TO AS
      “GROCERIES.”</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I DO THE GROCERIES.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats not a fucking figure of speech man</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you dont do the groceries you go out and buy
      them</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and even then you dont actually do that</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: LIKE FUCK I MPHUMPHLE...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave puts both hands over Karkat’s mouth and
      does a stage whisper over his shoulder.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: he means that he uses the alchemizer in the
      basement sometimes</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHOSE SIDE ARE YOU ON?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh and when hes in a bad mood hell go yell at
      trolls on the internet</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: not like trolls as in the troll species i
      mean</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: literal trolls who talk shit online</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i dunno a bunch of them could be actual
      trolls i guess</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but not strictly</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: DAVE!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: DON’T FUCKING TELL HER ABOUT THAT.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave reaches around Karkat’s face to give him
      a gentle poke in the cheek. He keeps his finger there longer than
      strictly necessary, smiling the noticeably restrained smile
      characteristic of Striders. The expression is so warm and blatant
      that it can’t help but draw Jade’s attention. She frowns and pushes
      her glasses up the bridge of her nose, making some quick
      calculations in her head. They’re so obvious, she thinks, and yet
      here they are. Virginal losers who are performative about sitting
      exactly a foot apart whenever they’re in public. It’s so pathetic
      it makes her want to howl at the moon in sorrow.</p>
      <p>What she’s planning isn’t a seduction. It’s a public
      service.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: why not dude i think its cute</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hes on all the major political sites of
      course but he spends most of his time going after people who leave
      abusive comments on my sweet bro and hella jeff posts</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like hes got a whole complex network of
      burner accounts and sockpuppets on my homepage set up for every
      possible scenario</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: jesus christ....</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its incredible hes driven at least ten people
      off the site by creating thinly veiled parody accounts of their
      usernames</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: STOP TALKING ABOUT THIS!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: MY EXPLOITS ARE HEROIC. GO ABSOLUTELY
      FUCK YOURSELF.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: karkat shoosh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: im so proud of you</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: couldnt have done better myself</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: well i mean i definitely could have but i
      have better things to do with my time</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THANK YOU DAVE. THAT WAS HEARTWARMING AND
      NOT EVEN A LITTLE BIT EMBARRASSING. CONSIDER MY HONOR UNDENIABLY
      DEFENDED.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: actually karkat its more like youre the one
      defending HIS honor</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: thats sooooo cute.... a knight whiteknighting
      for another knight</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: dave its like karkats your adorable little
      house husband!!!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: uhhhh</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT THE FUCK IS A HUSBAND?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: er</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave un-pokes his finger from Karkat’s cheek
      and tries to shimmy some space between them on the couch, but
      there’s nowhere to go. Karkat is sandwiched between him and Jade,
      who is reaching out to put two fingers of her own at the center of
      his chest. She bounces them there a few times, enjoying the way
      troll skin is just a bit thicker than human skin, taut like the
      membrane over a poorly maintained drum.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">She begins walking her fingers up the length
      of Karkat’s sternum. Karkat knows damned well what a husband is.
      He’s been force-fed enough bad movies from Dave to pick up any
      human euphemism you could name. He still plays dumb sometimes, for
      comedic effect, to irritate his friends, or simply to avoid a topic
      of conversation altogether. If he’d known it would only fan the
      flames of discussion in this case, he would have kept his mouth
      shut.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: a husband is a little like what you both do
      already</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: only with....... certain “benefits” :)</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Her fingers reach the hollow of Karkat’s
      throat just in time to catch him swallow. He starts to sweat.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WH... WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: heheh dont play dumb karkat</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jade dude cmon</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: leave him alone</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade does not “come on.” She glides her
      fingers up under Karkat’s chin so that they can rest on his lips,
      which are a little chapped. It doesn’t take much work to pop them
      open and slide both fingers in.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: if youre really that clueless.... i can show
      you....</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat looks like an animal with its leg
      caught in a trap. Eyes flickering, breath getting shallow. His
      bottom lip is trembling where Jade is stroking it with her
      thumb.</p>
      <p>It would be pretty easy to mistake his reaction for arousal, so
      it’s understandable that Jade is extremely surprised when Karkat
      snaps his jaw shut and chomps down on her hand.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">She flies back, literally, spiraling up
      towards the ceiling so fast that her skirt puffs up and she gets
      all tangled in her clothes for a few seconds. She clutches her
      wounded hand and glares daggers at Karkat, ears flat under her
      long, dark hair.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: karkat what the HELL!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT THE HELL??</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU’RE SERIOUSLY ASKING *ME* WHAT THE
      *HELL*!?!?!?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: JADE, YOU WERE TRYING TO CHOKE ME TO
      DEATH WITH YOUR WEIRD, SOFT HUMAN FINGERS! WHAT WERE YOU TRYING TO
      DO? REACH INTO MY CHEST AND PULL OUT MY FUCKING PUMP BISCUIT FOR A
      MIDDAY SNACK?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IS THIS BECAUSE YOU’RE HALF BARKBEAST
      NOW?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: NO!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i was FLIRTING you dummy!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh my GOD you two really are hopeless!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: why do i even WASTE my TIME???</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT’S A GOOD FUCKING QUESTION!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade is pissed, but not enough to leave.
      Instead, she plops down on the opposite end of the couch and
      petulantly crosses her arms. Karkat peels himself off Dave and
      slumps into the dip between cushions while settling even more
      deeply into one of his better-practiced pouts. Dave clears his
      throat.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so apropos of nothing</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: just a cool segue into a completely different
      topic for no reason</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade and Karkat both stare at him. He makes a
      casual motion with his hand. A smooth wrist swivel, like he’s at a
      turntable scratching one song into the next. That’s the effect he’s
      going for, at least.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: did you guys hear that jane was gonna run for
      high office</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: NO FUCKING WAY</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh wow</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU MEAN...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yep</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the fucking presidency of earth c</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i mean shes been positioning her megacorp and
      stocks in a way that looked SUPER suspicious the last year or so,
      so id wondered about it</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: but i didnt think shed actually do it!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: nah she was totally gonna pull the trigger on
      it after all these years but decided against it at the last minute
      for some reason</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THANK FUCKING GOD. THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN A
      COMPLETE DISASTER.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i know right thats what i said when roxy told
      me</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: especially for the economy</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: REALLY. THE ECONOMY. THAT’S WHAT YOU
      THINK IS BAD ABOUT IT?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh yeah and the troll thing is bad too i
      guess</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OK, SO LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT. YOUR
      PRIORITIES ARE: NUMBER ONE, THE ECONOMY, WHICH LET ME REMIND YOU IS
      BUILT ENTIRELY ON INFINITE, FAKE MONEY THAT WE CAN MAKE AS MUCH OF
      AS WE WANT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: NUMBER TWO, THE POTENTIAL GENOCIDE OF MY
      PEOPLE.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ok wow</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: lets like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: slow our roll here</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: lets slow any roll that makes me seem more
      xenophobic than i am ok</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHATEVER YOU SAY, DAVE “NOT XENOPHOBIC”
      STRIDER.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats good</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: lets keep using the phrase not xenophobic in
      sentences that contain my name</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: SURE MAN. THAT DOESN’T SOUND LIKE
      SOMETHING A XENOPHOBE SHITHEAD WOULD SAY AT ALL.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: look im not the bad guy here</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jane is</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: or... was</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: until she decided not to run for
      president</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: lets all just thank whichever christ was
      responsible for making whatever decision resulted in her deciding
      not to do that</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: DON’T CHANGE THE SUBJECT, XENOPHOBE.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no look</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ill be the first to say that jane is
      xenophobic as fuck</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: im not</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like at ALL?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but she is</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OK DUDE</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but i dont think shed go so far as to commit
      genocide</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats really exaggerating her faults</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like wed have to get pretty far away from the
      people we were when we started all this for that to be a viable
      outcome</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: hmmm</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: well i hope she gets a better hobby</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: there are a lot of less ominous things she
      could do with her time</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT, LIKE FUCKING HER WAY THROUGH HALF
      THE POPULATION OF EARTH C?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade pinches his ear and twists hard, smiling
      pleasantly.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>