<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 31</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s31'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 31</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: John, I need to see!</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: How do I get 8ack!?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John looks up to see one of Jane’s recon ships
      flying overhead. Aside from the encroaching fleet, the blue sky is
      seamless and calm. The hole that Vriska came through has already
      sealed up.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: um.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t think you *can* go back.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i have no idea what the exact scientific
      mechanism behind falling out of the sky is, but so far it’s proven
      to be a one way trip.</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Noooooooo!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: welcome to earth c, ha ha.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it fucking sucks!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Vriska releases her vice grip on John’s arms
      so that she can cradle her head between her hands.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Oh my god!</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: This is the worst thing that could h8ve
      possibly h8ppened to me.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: are you sure about that?</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Yes, I am a8solutely... w8.</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Why are you so... so????????</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Vriska gestures wordlessly at John’s entire
      body. Then she leans in closer to study his face, squinting with
      suspicion.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: John, are you old?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um. a little, i guess.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, i’m going to live forever apparently,
      so in that respect i’m still pretty young.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but compared to the average human lifespan,
      i’m like... about three eighths of the way dead?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Vriska runs both hands down her face, leaving
      long, dark streaks of blood.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: I can’t 8e here.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: vriska...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wait, actually, i guess i shouldn’t call you
      that?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it might get confusing.</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Wh8t?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well, see...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: rose and kanaya’s daughter is also named
      vriska.</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: WH8T????????</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and since you didn’t come to earth c with us,
      that means technically she was here first.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so that would make you...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: (vriska)?</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): That’s fucking un8ccepta8le!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: sorry. but i think that’s probably just how
      it has to be.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): John, you accused me of talking
      nonsense, 8ut you’re the one not m8king any d8mn sense.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Where AM I?</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Why are you OLD?</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Why do Rose and Kanaya h8ve a DAUGHTER
      n8med after ME!?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, it’s because they thought you sacrificed
      your life heroically defeating lord english.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so they found a baby clone of you and named
      her in your honor.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: personally, i thought the whole thing sounded
      like bullshit?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but, you know. whatever makes them happy.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John shrugs. (Vriska) remains frozen in her
      expression of horror, mouth agape. In the distance, the troll
      defenses take a shot at the human recon vessel. (Vriska) doesn’t
      flinch at the sound of a sonic cannon blasting off behind her. She
      slowly peels her hands from her face and glares at John as one of
      her eyes twitches at the corner.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): ...</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): ...</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): That’s...</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Th8t’s the........</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Stupidest *F8CKING* thing I’ve ever
      heard!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, i know! i tried to tell them.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: man, it’s been a while since we’ve agreed on
      something, hasn’t it?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so, um.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: not to be nosy, but...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: DID you defeat lord english?</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Of course not!</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Why do you think I’m so desperate to go
      8ACK!?</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): The 8attle was hitting its clim8x when
      I got hit in the head with... with...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">(Vriska) paws at her head wound, fingers numb
      and vision blurry.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Wh8tever the fuck it was that hit me in
      the head!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She sways on her feet. John tries to steady
      her, but she slaps his hands away.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: do you wanna see a doctor for that or
      something?</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): No!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): I w8nt to know what the fuck is GOING
      ON!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok, sure.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so about fifteen years ago, jane started
      spreading all this xenophobic propaganda about trolls.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and eventually she and her corporation became
      so entrenched in financial dealings with basically every societal
      institution with power on earth c that she became this unstoppable
      lobbying monolith that can more or less tell the government what to
      do.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so now she may as well be writing all of
      these xenophobic policies into law directly.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, jane’s a huge xenophobe, by the way?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i probably should have started out with that
      fact.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): John, this story fucking sucks.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, and then karkat had this really
      catastrophic breakup with jade and dave, so he ran off to spearhead
      a troll rebellion against the xenophobic government.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: to be honest, the rebellion was pretty lame
      in the beginning, but then, um... meenah?</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Meenah?!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah! meenah. she fell out of the sky, like
      you just did, and helped him actually get good at revolutionary
      stuff.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so now both sides are all maxed out with
      space ships and weapons and stuff, and are on the brink of war.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Holy shit. That’s even dumber than Rose
      and Kanaya naming their shitty kid after me.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh man, their kid IS shitty. you have NO
      idea.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): How the hell did you all fuck this up
      so much????????</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s my bad.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): YOUR 8ad?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah. i made the wrong decision and totally
      blew it.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): HOW?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i was supposed to go fight lord english, but
      i didn’t. so now we’ve gone beyond, like, the event horizon of
      canon.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): What the fuck does that even
      MEAN????????</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John sighs and sweeps an arm across the
      landscape. The sky darkens as the first of the troll fleet roars
      onto the frontline.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t know, really.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: rose explained it all to me once, but i
      pretty much forgot what she said. i didn’t actually think it was
      that important at the time.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: all i know is that all of this is my
      fault.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s been turning around in my head like this
      for a while. i thought...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: why does everything here fucking SUCK so
      much?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: how the hell did we even make it from point A
      to point festering clusterfuck?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it doesn’t follow any kind of logic i
      understand, or any sort of basic sense i have about who we are as
      people...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and why? why have we all ended up so unhappy
      and... twisted up?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i got everything i wanted. everyone got what
      they—</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what <em>i</em> thought they wanted.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and that’s just it, isn’t it?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: the more i think about it, i’m the only
      factor that matters to anything.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: whatever i did, or didn’t do, just...
      destroyed reality’s ability to, like, substantiate itself, or
      whatever.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like there’s a bug in the operating system of
      whatever force in this world that regulates cause and effect.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: everything’s been unraveling. nothing that
      happens makes sense anymore.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and now i’m the only person out here who’s
      even real at all!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: hahahaha.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Hahahahahahahaha... Wow, I’ve never
      seen a guy get his 8ulge all the way down his own swallow chute
      8efore!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wait, what?</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Good fuck. Do you actually think
      reality gives that much of a shit a8out you?</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Get real, Eg8ert.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): It’s not like you’re <em>me</em>.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok, well.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s fair i guess.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but whatever it was that caused this, it’s
      pretty obvious that all of this is just kind of dumb and fake.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so don’t worry about it.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): I kind of H8VE to worry a8out, it
      considering you just expl8ined to me that I’m TR8PPED here!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: nah, it’s fine. it’ll all work out.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: or it won’t. it doesn’t really matter either
      way.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">(Vriska) clenches her hands into fists so
      tight her nails draw blood, and hisses out a long, vicious
      expletive. Around her, the ground begins to shake as the human
      fleet of batterpanzers roll out from the edge of the city and take
      position.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: um, so we should probably get out of here
      soon.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: or not. we’re both god tier, so as long as we
      don’t do anything cool or evil, i guess we’ll be fine and not
      permanently die.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: hehe... it’s almost like the god tier rules
      were designed to reward us for being useless pieces of shit?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: heheheheh. i think i get it now.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s a pretty good joke actually. nice.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): FFFFFFFFUCK!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, hey. that reminds me.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: did you ever see terezi out there?</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): No????????</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Why would I h8ve seen Terezi? Didn’t
      she go with the Striders to fight six hundred versions of J8ck or
      something?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well, yeah. but then later, she went back out
      there to find you.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: (vriska), she searched for you for YEARS!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, years from my perspective at least. i
      dunno about hers.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but, we used to talk sometimes. it was fucked
      up how sad she was without you.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t even know what happened to her. the
      last time i talked to her she... she thought she was about to
      die.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: for a long time i liked to pretend that maybe
      you two found each other after all. but if you’re here now, and she
      isn’t, that means...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ugh, who knows what it means.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Wow. John, you sound pretty 8roken up
      a8out this! Were you in love with her or something?!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John laughs sadly.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: well... i don’t know.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what does it even matter!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like everything else, it was just some more
      stupid crap that happened, which technically wasn’t even
      “canon.”</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Oh my fucking god.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): I CAN’T T8KE THIS ANYM8RE!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">(Vriska) screams in frustration and throws her
      arms in the air. Her piercing voice can be heard over the roar of a
      hundred war-freighter engines. The bulk of Karkat and Meenah’s
      fleet has just arrived. Their ships are less sleek and imposing
      than Jane’s, most of them having been scavenged, patchworked, and
      jury-rigged. But they’re numerous enough to blot out the sun when
      they coast overhead.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): I don’t c8re a8out wh8tever the FUCK
      “c8non” is supposed to 8e!</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): I don’t a8out your dum8, unrequited
      crush on Terezi!</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): I don’t C8RE a8out this stupid,
      pointless w8r!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Someone get me the hell out of this
      fucking NIGHMT8RE 8efore I re8lly L8SE MY SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: WoAh, HeY, lEt’S aLl CaLm ThE mOtHeRfUcK
      dOwN.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John and (Vriska) both turn to see a gangly
      figure emerging from the dust kicked up by Jane’s tank platoon.
      Gamzee’s hair is caked with dirt, his makeup is smudged, and he’s
      sucking on his milk bottle in the style of some smooth hombre in a
      spaghetti western mouthing a cigar. He tugs the rubber nipple out
      of his mouth with a pop. The chalky, viscous milk forms a goatee of
      spittle on his chin.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: VrIsKa My MaIn BiTcH, lOnG tImE nO
      sEe.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: YoU SeEm aLl dIsCoMbObUlAtEd tHeRe,
      SiStEr. JuSt fUcKiN BeSeT WiTh tHe pOoRlY ReGuLaTeD EmOtIoNs tHaT
      CaUsE a MoThErFuCkEr nOtHiNg bUt pAiN.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: NoW WhY DoN’T LeT’S CaLm tHe fUcK DoWn,
      TaKe rIpS OfF ThIs dOpE BoTtLe oF FrEsH AsS TiTtYdAiRy, ThEn sHoOt
      ThE WiCkEd sHiT AbOuT ThE GoOd wOrD.</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): The... the “Good Word”?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: It bE CaLlEd rEdEmPtIoN,
      mOtHeRfUcKeR!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: AnD YoU GoTtA GeT ThAt sHiT LoCkEd aLl
      tIgHt iN WhErE YoUr hEaRt’s aT, tO GeT YoUr mOrAl cOmPrOmIsAtIoNs
      tO ChIlL ThE FuCk uP.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: CaUsE I CaN’T ThInK Of a sInGlE NoThEr
      mOtHeRfUcKeR WhO CoUlD UsE A RiGhTeOuS DoSe oF ThAt sWeEt, SwEeT
      ReDeMpTiOn rIgHt dOwN ThE ShAmE HaTcH MoRe tHaN (vRiSkA)
      mOtHeRfUcKiNg (SeRkEt). :o)</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): ...</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): ...</p>
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): ...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">(Vriska) casts a wide glare at the intruding
      clown with steely, merciless eyes. Slowly, she stalks towards him,
      her feet pressing so heavily in the soft earth she might as well
      weigh a thousand pounds. Gamzee suckles at his bottle and beams at
      her with the complacency of a man perfectly oblivious to the
      one-way ticket to the world of shit his big mouth just bought for
      him.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">(VRISKA): Wh8t the F8CK did you just s8y to
      me?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>