<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 27</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s27'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 27</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">T</span>en years
      have gone by.</p>
      <p>Two minutes before midnight, a teenage boy crosses beneath the
      neon lights of the Trollish slums, stepping quick and sure-footed
      atop the cracked pavement as if this is a path he’s walked many
      times. He’s got on a coat two sizes too big and a brimmed hat
      pulled down to hide his distinctive buck-toothed grin. Above him,
      Jane Crocker’s face beams out from a holographic propaganda
      display, reminding the populace that curfew is in fifteen
      minutes.</p>
      <p>This boy would like to say that he’s too cool and daring to care
      about curfew, but the sound of Jane’s cloying, prerecorded voice
      rising above the noisy streets sends an involuntary shiver down his
      spine. Luckily, the girl he’s come to meet does not suffer from the
      same instinctive Jane-based anxiety. She doesn’t have many fears or
      inhibitions at all. About a block from where they usually meet, she
      swings out of an alleyway and yanks him in by his elbow. He lets
      loose a shrill, unmasculine noise right into her mouth before she
      shuts him up with a kiss.</p>
      <p>After a few minutes of extremely novice make-out action, Harry
      Anderson and Vriska part, both wet-mouthed and short of breath.
      Harry Anderson wipes a bit of blood off of his bottom lip. Vriska
      pokes him in the chest and hisses.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: What took you so long????????</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: hey, give me a break here vris. my
      auntie has guards breathing down my neck day and night.</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Ugh. How’d you get out this time?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Harry Anderson rolls his eyes. He has
      beautiful eyes. He’s a pretty successful combination of his
      parents’ genes, all things considered. He’s got his father’s
      infectious grin, his mother’s long eyelashes, and his “auntie’s”
      unusually blue eyes.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: fucking gamzee.</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: he was all like:</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: Yo HaRrY mY dAwG, yOu Go OuT aNd
      GeT yOuRsElF uP a SlIcE oF tHaT pRiMe BeEf VrIsKeT, mY oNe TrUe
      HoMiE. lOvE iS wHaT mAkEs ThE mOtHeRfUcKiNg EaRtH sPiN oN iTs AxIs.
      ThAt, AnD bEiNg PoLiTiCaLlY nEuTrAl, BrOtHeR.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Vriska doubles over laughing at Harry
      Anderson’s impressively spot-on imitation of Gamzee’s mulish lilt
      and vaguely lewd posture. Harry Anderson starts giggling too. He
      can’t help it. She’s so pretty and her laugh is both cruel and
      infectious.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: god! he always makes sure to point
      out that he’s politically neutral in literally every sentence that
      comes out of his mouth, even though he’s *definitely* still fucking
      my aunt.</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Ugh, so l8me.</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: This is all so l8me!!!!!!!! All in all,
      such a Deeply Unsatisfactory state of affairs!</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: yeah. i hate sneaking around like
      this. i wish i could see you every day.</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: or even, like, tell my mom that i
      have a girlfriend so she can stop pestering me about it.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Vriska hooks two fingers under the hem of
      Harry Anderson’s shirt and reels him in close.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: In thaaaaaaaat case...</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Why don’t we run aw8y and join the
      rebellion together, Harry Anderson? Wouldn’t that be Terribly
      Rom8ntic????????</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: We could be wild rebels in love, like
      Karkat and Meenah!</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Isn’t their story GR8? I get so inspired
      thinking about it.</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: oh, i don’t know if i could pull
      that off vriska... i don’t really have the, y’know, rebellious
      *stature* of someone like karkat vantas.</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Pffft, ahahahahahahahaha. He’s Extremely
      Short in real life, you know!</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: i don’t know if that’s actually
      true? i think it might just be something people assume because of,
      y’know, his personality. like he’s overcompensating or
      something.</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: i mean, i don’t *remember* him
      being that short.</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Oh yeah? The last time you saw him you
      were like three years old. Get real, Harry Anderson!</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: oh? and when’s the last time *you*
      saw him?</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: ...</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: ha ha! :p</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Vriska shoves Harry Anderson. Not playfully.
      He hits the bricks behind him with a soft ‘oof,’ then keeps
      laughing.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERON: oh my god, vriska, you always talk
      so big but you’re not any more of a rebel than i am!</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Oh shuuuuuuuut up. You don’t know shit,
      Harry.</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: My moms are totally gonna get me a Prime
      Commission in the Resist8nce when I turn sixteen!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: yeah yeah, whatever you say.</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: It’s TRUE!</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: But until then, guess we’ll never know
      whether it’s an official f8ct that Karkat is short or not.</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: i guess so!</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: but anyway i wasn’t talking about
      his height. i was talking about the eyepatch.</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: i mean, i believe in troll rights
      and everything...</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Um, I should HOPE so.</p>
      <p class="harry">HARRY ANDERSON: ...but not enough to lose an eye
      over it.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Vriska snorts at him condescendingly.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Don’t be ridiculous Harry.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She pushes him up against the wall again and
      kisses him hard.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: If we really do end up absconding from
      our mediocre Hot Teen Lives to become rebels, then OBVI8USLY I’m
      going to be the one with the Extremely Dashing And Sexy eyepatch.
      H8h8h8h8h8h8h8h8!!!!!!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p>—</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: hmm its getting pretty bad down there</p>
      <p class="sollux">SOLLUX: wh0 cares.</p>
      <p class="sollux">SOLLUX: this is 0fficially s0mething we d0n’t
      care ab0ut, right?</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i dont know</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: is it</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: this world is inconsequential.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: well there you have it</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Aradia lies with her chin in her palms and
      looks over the edge of the meteor station. Under the shade of
      night, the cities of the Troll Kingdom form a twinkling filigree
      over the rocky landscape below, a hundred rivers of gossamer lights
      in all the colors of the hemospectrum. Jane’s fleet is so massive
      that it blots out the lights of the capital. Is this what Alternia
      looked like from the sky as well? Aradia lived far from the city,
      and that all seems so long ago anyway. Sollux comes to stand by
      her, popping open a can of fizzy drink.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: karkats really going to fight that war
      isnt he</p>
      <p class="sollux">SOLLUX: yeah.</p>
      <p class="sollux">SOLLUX: i didn’t think he had it in him, but
      apparently all it takes f0r him t0 bec0me the her0 he was meant t0
      be was f0r things t0 get extremely fucking stupid.</p>
      <p class="sollux">SOLLUX: like, WAY m0re stupid than usual.</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: yes</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: it really is too bad hes reaching this
      heroic apotheosis of his in a world that doesnt matter</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: please do not mistake the essence of
      my words for indifference.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: when i said that this world was
      inconsequential, i was talking objectively. we’ve moved far beyond
      the realm of canon relevance, but on a subjective level we can view
      this world as a glass bubble.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: fragile, solitary, with a surface
      uncracked.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: the actions, struggles and feelings
      of its inhabitants are certainly not inconsequential to them.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">JADE: while abstracted heavily, and fully
      freed from all forces of narrative gravity, these events still
      represent possibilities that slept within the hearts of all who
      reside here.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Sollux tosses Aradia a can of fizzy drink. She
      catches it without looking, cracks it open and takes a long,
      refreshing sip of the hissing liquid.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: hm</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: in that case i guess we should keep
      watching</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">On Earth C, months go by at a breakneck pace.
      Teens fall in and out of love and hate. Alliances change,
      revolutions fully germinate, wars commence. And somewhere within
      that mess, John Egbert is the best man at Jade and Dave’s wedding.
      He lasts nearly two hours before he gets a ruinous case of the
      sniffles.</p>
      <p>The event is being held semi-clandestinely in the mansion of one
      of Jake’s wealthy television exec friends, staged as a “reunion
      party” for whichever one of his old, stupid television shows people
      get nostalgic about these days. It’s a smokescreen meant to throw
      the human government off the scent of political radicals like Rose
      and Kanaya partying just twenty miles from the seat of power. Jake
      claims there’s no way they’ll find them, but John sometimes gets
      the feeling that the whole planet’s bugged. After nearly ten years
      of unfettered monetary interference in the upper echelons of the
      global hegemony, could something like this possibly fly under
      Jane’s radar? It can’t, right? John likes to think she’s not so far
      gone that she’d tip off the government to send troops to arrest her
      friends and family on the occasion of her ecto-daughter’s
      wedding.</p>
      <p>So he smiles his way through his best man duties, then smiles
      his way again through the gallows-humor speech Rose gives at
      dinner, backlit by the flames of the Imperial Drone factories
      churning away on the horizon. He wears a possibly genuine
      expression for a few moments as he dips down to give Jade a kiss on
      the forehead. She looks beautiful in her dress, and Dave doesn’t
      look especially uncomfortable beside her. There is still joy to be
      found on the eve of a war, Rose says in her speech, but John found
      precious little to be happy about in this world even before
      everything went off the fucking chain. He is conspicuously
      unaccompanied. Not alone, of course: he’s been put in a honored
      seat at the head of the wedding party with Jade to his left and
      Rose to his right. But Jade is with Dave, and Rose has Kanaya and
      their daughter, and everyone knows that John has lost his family to
      Jane Crocker.</p>
      <p>Well, not literally to Jane Crocker. What drove Roxy away was
      him being depressed and just an all-around huge wet blanket who was
      impossible to live with. John is totally ready to own the fact that
      he was a bad husband, but maybe not the fact that he was a bad
      enough husband to drive his wife to passively support a brewing
      genocidal dictatorship. She looks happier, though, whenever he’s
      caught sight of her behind Jane—Calliope faithfully at her side—in
      any of the propaganda broadcasts that Jane passes off as business
      press conferences. By the time Roxy finally cut things off between
      them, he hadn’t personally seen her smile in years.</p>
      <p>John has no idea how Harry Anderson is doing, but he definitely
      caught Vriska texting him under the table when he got up to get
      another flute of champagne. She’s texting Tavros in another window,
      which is weird, but probably not as weird as John craning his neck
      to read messages over a teenage girl’s shoulder. The idea that
      Rose’s shitty daughter has more contact with his son than he does
      makes his eyes start to itch. He wanders out onto the ballroom
      balcony so that no one else has to see him cry for a second time
      tonight. It’s a balmy evening, and John can smell the oil burning
      at the forge across the harbor.</p>
      <p>There’s someone else occupying the balcony already, and it’s not
      one of the party guests. A shadow, standing with its back to the
      ocean, arms crossed, gaze fixed firmly on the ballroom windows.
      John takes a step closer and immediately recognizes Karkat’s nubby
      horns and distinctive shoulder-hunch. Of course.</p>
      <p>John snorts back his tears and jaunts forward with a jolly
      wave.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat blinks and looks up, startled out of
      his thoughts. He’s grown gaunt since John last saw him in real
      life. In his Alternian military fatigues, and his admittedly
      bitchin’ eyepatch, he looks almost imposing. Kind of dashing,
      actually. When he opens his mouth, however, he’s just the same old
      Karkat.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HI AGAIN IDIOT.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what are you doing standing out here alone
      like a creep?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat’s frown gets deeper, and he picks at
      the red cording that runs down the breastplate of his uniform.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I REALLY SHOULDN’T BE HERE.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: why not? you were on the guest list.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OH, HMM, I DON’T KNOW. MAYBE THINK ABOUT
      IT FOR TEN SECONDS, JOHN.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John chews his lip and thinks about it for ten
      seconds.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i guess this would probably be pretty hard to
      watch if you were still, you know, all heartbroken about it.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I WOULDN’T SAY THAT I WAS STILL “ALL
      HEARTBROKEN” ABOUT IT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BUT...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John joins him at railing and bumps his
      shoulder. Karkat groans and runs a hand down his face, obviously
      still a little “all heartbroken” about it.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IT’S JUST THAT BREAK UPS ARE HARD, AND
      OFTEN HAVE UNEXPECTED CONSEQUENCES THAT CAN LINGER FOR YEARS.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’re telling me. when my wife left me, she
      took an entire political faction with her.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: those chess guys sure do love roxy, don’t
      they?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: UGH.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YEAH, THE CARAPACIAN-HUMAN ALLIANCE HAS
      BEEN CAUSING US NOTHING BUT PAIN TO BE ENTIRELY FUCKING HONEST.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: NO ONE WANTS TO BE AGAINST THE
      *CARAPACIANS*. THEY’RE HARMLESS.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THE FACT THAT THEY DIDN’T EVEN GET TO
      VOTE ON WHETHER OR NOT THEY SHOULD RATIFY THE TREATY REALLY
      COMPLICATES THE MATTER. THE WHOLE THING IS A DISASTER ON JUST ABOUT
      EVERY LEVEL.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh. sorry about that.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OH MY GOD JOHN, STOP BEING SO FUCKING
      PATHETIC FOR JUST A MINUTE. COULD YOU DO THAT FOR ME?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t know. that’s a pretty big favor
      you’re asking me there, karkat.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: LOOK, I DON’T PERSONALLY BLAME YOU FOR
      ANY OF THIS.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: FIRST OF ALL, FOR YOU TO HAVE HAD
      ANYTHING TO DO WITH A MASSIVE SHIFT IN GEOPOLITICAL
      ALLEGIANCES?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT PROBABLY WOULD HAVE REQUIRED YOU
      LEAVE YOUR FUCKING HOUSE FOR MORE THAN AN HOUR.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wow.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: good pep talk.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m 100% over my separation now. thanks
      karkat.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: JOHN, SERIOUSLY THOUGH.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU DO HAVE TO GET OVER ROXY EVENTUALLY.
      WITH EVERYTHING THAT’S GOING ON, CAN YOU REALLY AFFORD TO WASTE
      ANOTHER FIVE YEARS MALINGERING IN YOUR BEDROOM LIKE A PIECE OF
      FUCKING GARBAGE?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU KNOW</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THE REBELLION COULD REALLY USE A GUY LIKE
      YOU.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: if you think that i haven’t been given the
      exact speech you’re about to give me, except about six or seven
      times the length, then you don’t know rose lalonde.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OK. THEN WHAT’S THE FUCKING PROBLEM?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU HATE WHAT THE GOVERNMENT IS DOING AS
      MUCH AS THE REST OF US DO!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John turns around so that he can rest his
      elbows on the bannister. The angle of the moon is cutting a sharp
      stroke of light over the water, like a blade descending from the
      night sky to shear the harbor in half. He takes a despondent sip of
      his champagne and sighs.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i dunno. it doesn’t seem responsible,
      really... to dedicate my life to something so important when i’m in
      a place where i can’t even find the energy to think that getting
      out of bed in the morning is “important.”</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: in fact, it seems like it would be a pretty
      fucking selfish thing to do.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what if i get distracted because i’m sad?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what if i fuck up by staring too tragically
      into the distance on an important mission, and i get killed in a
      stupid way?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: JOHN, AREN’T YOU TECHNICALLY IMMORTAL
      *SPECIFICALLY* IN CASES OF “GETTING KILLED IN A STUPID WAY”?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah. but you aren’t. and neither are most of
      your followers.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat’s expression turns hard, regretful.
      It’s a frown made of granite, or some other manly kind of rock that
      chips easily when dropped. His one eye is glinting bright gold,
      reflecting the light from the party. He opens his mouth to say
      something, but is distracted by movement from inside the
      ballroom.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OH SHIT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HERE COMES DAVE. I HAVE TO GET THE FUCK
      OUT OF HERE.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He fumbles with something at his wrist, and
      out pops a grappling line. With unexpected smoothness, he hitches
      it over the edge of the balcony and leaps the railing in a single,
      elegant bound. John watches him rappel down the cliffside until he
      disappears beneath the precipice shadows. Wow. Karkat grew up to be
      kind of cool. Who would have guessed?</p>
      <p class="no-indent">John spins on his heel to see Dave in the
      doorway, holding a bottle of champagne. He looks smart in his
      three-piece tux, but he’s still sporting the same old Stiller
      shades, which always serve to remind John how hard it is to believe
      this guy’s almost forty. Jesus Christ, are they seriously almost
      forty? Yes, they’re technically immortal—that doesn’t mean the
      encroaching milestone isn’t making him feel dizzy nonetheless.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: huh? don’t do what?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh you looked pretty bummed when you left the
      reception and then i find you staring at the ocean like you just
      snorted six lines of powdered midlife crisis off the bathroom
      counter</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so i guess “the joke” was like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: haha dont literally commit suicide at my
      wedding dude lol</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: not to commit suicide at my fucking wedding
      is pretty obvious</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but in retrospect i guess its not that
      funny</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but seriously john dont kill yourself</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i wasn’t going to kill myself!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: id miss you and also itd bum out jade pretty
      bad and i have so thoroughly hitched my star to that yifftrain in
      case you havent noticed</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yifftrain?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah man you see she-</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t wanna know!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: anyway, i was just, uh...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John decides it’s probably better not to
      mention what he was actually doing. And definitely not to mention
      who just rappelled off the balcony with alarming stealth and
      grace.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...appreciating how pretty the view is.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hm yeah i love the sight of the military
      industrial complex destroying the landscape in the evening</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: come on, that’s obviously not what i
      meant.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave comes to join John at the bannister,
      gazing out over the water with a look at least as existential as
      John’s. John isn’t sure what to say about that, so he wiggles his
      empty glass, looking for another shot of sparkling social
      lubricant. Dave tops him off before taking a long swig off the
      bottle himself.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: you okay, dude?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: eh</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: having been married once before, i gotta
      say... it’s all kind of overwhelming, huh?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah i guess</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i dunno jade and i have been together so long
      this all just feels like</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave shrugs.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: whatever</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i was sort of hoping that</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean considering that were working together
      in the rebellion and everything</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i was hoping that karkat would show</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John looks down and twirls the stem of his
      glass between two fingers.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: so you’re still not... um, over that?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: the whole karkat thing?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean will i ever be over it??</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the way i felt about him probably isnt the
      kind of shit you just get over</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you just sorta</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: live with it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no matter how it turns out</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but hes with meenah and im with jade and the
      whole worlds gone fucking batshit so whats the point in looking
      backwards now</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: right?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John swallows a lump down his throat. Terezi’s
      picture is still in his wallet: faded, dog-eared, marred by ragged
      white lines down the center from being folded and unfolded so many
      times, deep enough to be called valleys at this point.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">They fall silent for a moment, soaking up the
      atmosphere, sipping their booze, contemplating the suckiness of
      being an adult. Dave lets out a soft laugh and slaps John on the
      back. John swallows his champagne wrong and starts coughing.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yo dude thanks for being my best man</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: *cough* oh. th-thanks, man. no problem!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: cuz you are</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ya know</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: youre my best bro</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: my main man</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: my most devoted dude</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: cheers john</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: cheers, dave.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">They toast, lip of the glass to rim of the
      bottle. The sound rings out above the noise of the party inside. It
      rises up above the ocean, to where the stars are turning and dawn
      is already breaking on some other part of the planet. That’s how
      the years pass. Faster and faster the longer it goes. For those
      living on this iteration of Earth C, like John and Dave, it appears
      to be an illusion of age, an old adage about perception changing
      the older you get. The days get shorter the more the regrets pile
      up.</p>
      <p>But that’s only part of it. Above this Earth, the dead cherub is
      still meditating, waiting for the day when she can have her own
      heroic apotheosis. Waiting for the day when she can confront the
      one she calls the Prince. And on this Earth, John is just waiting
      for the day that feeling finally stops. That feeling that he’s
      still waiting for something, and the even worse feeling that years
      ago, he missed his only chance to put an end to it. If you stand on
      a very high hill at dawn, you can watch your shadow move in an arc
      around you.</p>
      <p>Ten years to the day he last spoke with Terezi, John finally
      gets rid of her photograph. He stands at the top of a very high
      hill, rips it into six pieces and lets the wind carry it away.
      Whatever else happens now... it doesn’t matter.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>