<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 20</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s20'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 20</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WOW, SURE FEELS WEIRD TO JUST BE HANGING
      OUT WITH ALL THESE ASSHOLES WE WERE TOTALLY GOSSIPING ABOUT JUST
      TWENTY MINUTES AGO.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat is loudly whispering to Dave, leaning a
      bit too intimately into the curve of his chest for two dudes who
      are dating the same girl, but not each other.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i always knew our gossip sins would catch up
      with us eventually</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: SHH both of you!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade brushes past them holding her dead
      teen-self under the armpits, while Jake brings up the rear,
      stripe-tighted ankles in hand. He shoots Dave and Karkat a big,
      toothy grin. Dave nods back. Karkat continues to look somewhat
      seasick, keeping his eyes high so that they don’t accidentally
      graze teen-Jade’s impaled chest.</p>
      <p>Jake and Jade take the corpse up the winding, white staircase
      toward Jane’s bedchamber. The Crocker mansion is a dazzling maze of
      marble halls polished to a mirror sheen. It’s the kind of place
      where footsteps echo from one end of a floor to the other, and even
      the pillows are lined with literal silver thread. There’s a peaked
      skylight at the top of the foyer that splits the morning sun like a
      prism, spilling multicolored dots across every surface below.
      Amongst those dots are drips of teen-Jade’s blood. It’s so dark on
      the spotless tile that it looks nearly black.</p>
      <p>Dave stays with Karkat by the door. They’re waiting to meet
      Rose, Kanaya, John, and an extremely pregnant Roxy, who all show up
      together with baby Vriska, who’s really been coming along in her
      metamorphosis cycle lately. She now has both aural cavities and
      opposable thumbs, and she’s making good use of the latter by
      reaching out to mash her hands against the face of any adult
      foolish enough to enter her range. She grabs one of Karkat’s little
      nubby horns when Kanaya passes by. He reacts pretty much the same
      way he would if it were actual-Vriska tugging on any part of his
      person. He flails and grouses, making a few strangled sounds of
      impotent rage. It gives everyone a good giggle on a dark and
      confusing day.</p>
      <p>John hangs back with Karkat and Dave while the girls go
      upstairs.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh, hey. how are you guys doing?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh you know just enjoying a nice night out
      with our girlfriend when another teen version of our girlfriend
      plummeted out of the sky and bled all over our picnic pizza</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: picnic pizza?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah its like normal pizza except that you
      eat it while sitting on a tablecloth in the fucking grass</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh cool. i’d never thought about doing
      that.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i just bring sandwiches to my picnics like a
      dumbass.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: then again, the last time i went to a picnic,
      i ate...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: actually, never mind what i ate. but it sure
      wasn’t pizza.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: your loss bro its the only way to picnic
      out</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: STOP TALKING ABOUT PICNIC PIZZA YOU
      ASSHOLES.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THIS IS IN SUCH POOR TASTE.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah hes right</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anyway like i was saying we were in picnic
      pizza heaven when fucking space tier jade from like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i guess seven or eight years ago?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: basically face planted in a field next to our
      romantic tripledate</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: damn.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YEAH, IT WAS PRETTY BAD TIMING.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: or extremely good timing</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i dont know yet</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the conversation was veering kinda</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you know</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: UGH</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WE WERE IN THE “RELATIONSHIP REALTALK”
      ZONE.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ANYWAY, CAN WE STOP DWELLING ON THIS SHIT
      AND JUST GO UPSTAIRS?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">As they ascend the staircase, they’re greeted
      by the horrible, bone-rattling sound of a toddler screaming its
      head off. In the room, little Vriska Lalonde is pulling on little
      Tavros Crocker’s thick black hair, while Jake Crocker laughs and
      scratches his head awkwardly. Jane looks quite irritated. Gamzee
      Makara-Crocker is at her side, serving as her ever-faithful shadow,
      holding her arm to steady her as she tries to revive teen-Jade’s
      corpse.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Jake!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Vitriol leaks from every letter of his name.
      John and Dave exchange a knowing look: who’s supposed to be the
      kismesis here, again?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Would you take Tavros out of here?
      Please?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Well golly jane i just thought it would be
      invigorating for the boy to interact with someone else his age for
      once.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Well, he doesn’t need to do it in here.
      Especially not when I’m trying to work!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: HeY nOw ElIxIrTiTs, YoU oUgHt To
      ChIlL.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: YeLlInG aT yOuR mOtHeRfUcKiNg MaTeSpRiT
      iS...</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: bAd FoR tHe BlOoD pReSsUrE, bAbE.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Oh, I’m sorry. Is a clown speaking right
      now?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: It’s the darndest thing. I could have sworn I
      just heard a nearby, offensively odiferous clown offering some
      advice when no one asked for his opinion.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: woah janey u doin ok</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane wipes perspiration off her face and
      sighs.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: I... I don’t know.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I’ve just been under a lot of stress lately,
      trying to run my business, raise a child, and manage the political
      situation indirectly through various corporate machinations...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Jake! Why are the children still in
      here?!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Take them to the playroom. Now!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Aye aye maam!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake scoops up the squabbling children and
      holds them as far apart as possible to stop Vriska from biting
      Tavros’s ear off. It’s just one of the unfair advantages she has
      over him and his blunt, human teeth. John and Dave part to let Jake
      go by. Quite sorry blokes, he whispers as he takes his leave.</p>
      <p>Jane clutches her hands around teen-Jade’s thin shoulders,
      looking the corpse over with an expression of absolute sorrow.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: I don’t know why, but I’m having an extremely
      difficult time reviving her.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Where did she even come from?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The living Jade shakes her head.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: we have no idea</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: its like the sky just opened up!</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Well Obviously She Is From Another
      Timeline</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Darling Can You Perhaps Shed Some Light
      On This</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose sucks on her lower lip. It takes her a
      moment to respond. Her fingers close around the neckline of her
      dress as her gaze sweeps across the room. She looks over each
      person present, but avoids making eye contact.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I haven’t the faintest clue.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It could be anything.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John quirks an eyebrow at her. She doesn’t
      sound confident. Not like she did a month earlier when she claimed
      that Vriska had defeated Lord English.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Well, something is blocking my Life
      powers.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: It’s as if she has... a sort of poison in
      her. Not a literal poison, mind you.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: If it were as simple a matter as there being
      something in her bloodstream, I could revive her lickety-split.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: It’s deeper than that.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: It’s like... a poison eating away at the very
      core of her being.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: It’s attacking her on... perhaps this sounds
      crazy, but...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: A metaphysical level??</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: huh?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: What’s so odd is that not only can I not
      bring her back to life, she also, somehow, doesn’t feel entirely
      dead.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i wonder if that has something to do with
      me?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: like, being here???</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: How so?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: well... all of our selves across infinite
      timelines are actually just one self right?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: like... one ultimate self distributed across
      multiple bodies</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: so in multiple places and states at once</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: every jade that exists is like a light being
      shined through a thousand cracks in the timeline</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: but if were outside the place where that
      light is being split from...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: maybe only one of us can exist</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: and thats why shes stuck in this horrible
      state :(</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Roxy places her hand on Jade’s head and gives
      her a little scritch between the ears.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i thiiiink that janey was just bein
      melodramatic jade</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its not ur fault</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade reaches out to take her own corpse’s
      hand. She remembers being this age, being heartbroken, still newly
      godlike in her abilities, and on the verge of fighting a battle
      that could change everything. She can’t believe how young she
      looks.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: what should we do with her?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Roxy claps her hands together.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: well</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hate to be the one who says what were all
      thinkin but...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: sounds like its time for another funeral
      lmao</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: lmao??</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: roxy, jade is dead, and you’re probably going
      to give birth within the week!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yeah so we gotta start planning this one
      right now</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: ???</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: cmon guys</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: how longs it been since we were all together
      like this?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Roxy looks around the room searchingly with a
      big, bright grin. Karkat snorts from the far corner of the room
      where he’s been pouting the whole time.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I’M SORRY, WAS THAT A RHETORICAL FUCKING
      QUESTION OR WERE YOU GOING SOMEWHERE WITH IT?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: it was not rhetorical at all</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: the last time we were all together was</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: dirks funeral!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Roxy, at the time, we were mourning the death
      of a dear friend...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i know right</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: nothin like the death of someone we love to
      bring us all together again</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: weve all been so busy with being pregnant and
      birthin a thousand trolls and the political situation that
      regulates the troll birthin...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: we dont even have time to catch up anymore
      :(</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane’s eyes flutter wide beneath her
      spectacles. Unbidden, her gaze flickers to where Rose and Kanaya
      are standing shoulder to shoulder, very much in stable, devoted,
      interspecies Love. Kanaya catches that gaze, and holds it, for a
      very long, tense moment.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Um. Roxy...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Kanaya interrupts, tone clipped and dry.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Perhaps We Should Not Talk About That
      Particular Subject</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: If Your Concern Here Is That We All
      Continue To Be In The Same Room Its Probably Best We Avoid Bringing
      Attention To The Reasons That It So Rarely Happens</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: aw cmon politics should never get between
      friends</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: UH, EASY FOR YOU TO FUCKING SAY.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade interjects, tiredly.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: karkat... lets not ok?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i mean, not now?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: LET’S NOT WHAT?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: LET’S NOT TALK ABOUT THE GIANT FUCKING
      TRUMPET BEAST IN THE ROOM?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: LET’S NOT TALK ABOUT HOW KANAYA, TEREZI
      AND I WORKED JUST AS HARD TO CREATE THIS WORLD AS ANY OF YOU, BUT
      OUR PEOPLE DON’T EVEN GET A SAY IN HOW THEY GOVERN THEMSELVES?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: LET’S NOT TALK ABOUT HOW THE CRIMES OF
      ALTERNIA ARE HELD UP TO UNFAIR SCRUTINY ANY TIME A TROLL WANTS TO
      FUCKING DO OR SAY SOMETHING ON THE NEWS, BUT WE’RE NOT ALLOWED TO
      GENERALIZE HUMANS BASED ON THE WORST THINGS THAT HAPPENED IN YOUR
      HISTORY?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: LET’S NOT TALK ABOUT HOW ALTERNIA WAS
      BASICALLY THE SACRIFICIAL FUCKING MILKBEAST UPON THE ALTAR THAT
      THIS UNIVERSE WAS BUILT ON, BUT YOU ALL ACT LIKE WE’RE SO LUCKY YOU
      DEIGNED TO ALLOW US TO EXIST ALONGSIDE YOU INSTEAD OF JUST LETTING
      US FUCKING DIE OUT THE WAY IT WAS INTENDED?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: um excuse you karkat but no one acts like
      that</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OH? NO ONE???</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat pushes off from the wall, furious,
      practically spitting flames. He points at Jane, his whole arm
      quivering.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I LISTEN TO THE FUCKING NEWS, YOU KNOW.
      I’VE HEARD ALL THE ARGUMENTS, THE ONES BASED ON THE POLICY ADVICE
      YOUR CORPORATE THINK TANK FEEDS THE PRESIDENT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: DO YOU THINK THAT IT’S BEING BROADCAST AT
      A FREQUENCY ONLY HUMANS CAN HEAR OR SOMETHING? DO YOU THINK WE’RE
      THAT STUPID?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: EVEN I CAN TELL THAT THE ATMOSPHERE IN
      THE TROLL KINGDOM IS CHANGING, AND I HAVE NEVER ONCE WILLINGLY HAD
      A CONVERSATION WITH MY NEIGHBORS. EVERYONE’S STARTING TO GET
      SCARED.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: MORE THAN THAT, THEY’RE STARTING TO GET
      PISSED.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane folds her hands in her lap. Her voice is
      ice-cold, and varnished to a shine.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Is this meant to be a threat of future
      violence, Mr. Vantas?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I’m not sure menacing me is making the most
      compelling case for your political claims.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HOLY SHIT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ARE YOU ALL FUCKING HEARING THIS?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Yes, Karkat, we are all most definitely
      hearing this. It’s somewhat unavoidable with you shouting it all at
      the top of your lungs.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: SORRY, I THOUGHT IT MIGHT BE KIND OF
      DIFFICULT FOR YOU TO HEAR ME, WHAT WITH YOUR HEAD SHOVED ALL THE
      WAY UP YOUR *BIG*, **FAT**, ***ASS***!!!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: woah damn</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Gamzee steps out from behind Jane, putting
      himself between her and Karkat. He raises his hands in a calming
      gesture</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: hEy BrOtHeR cHiLl OuT</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: FUCK OFF GAMZEE.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: wOaH wOaH, kArKaT mY DUDE wHy ArE yOu AlL
      lAsHiNg OuT aNd ShIt?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: i ThOuGhT wE wErE mOtHeRfUcKiNg GoOd.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: NO, WE ARE NOT “MOTHERFUCKING GOOD.”</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WE WILL NEVER BE “MOTHERFUCKING
      GOOD.”</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: yO c’MoN mAn I mOtHeRfUcKiNg ApOlOgIzEd
      AbOuT gOiNg AlL oVeRbOaRd WiTh ThE mAlIcE aNd MuRdEr AnD sHiT.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: a MoThErFuCkEr ReDeEmEd HiS mOtHeRfUcKiN
      sElF!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: Y’aLl CaN’t GeT sAlTy WiTh YoUr HoMiE nO
      mOrE. tHaT bE aLl ThE rUlE oF rEdEmPtIoN, mY bRoThErLy BiTcH.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I DON’T CARE WHAT YOU SAY THE “RULES”
      ARE, DUDE.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I DON’T CARE IF YOU PROSTRATE YOURSELF AT
      MY FEET AND LICK THE FUCKING DIRT OUT FROM UNDER MY TOENAILS.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: DON’T FUCKING TRY TO DO THAT BY THE WAY.
      I’M OBVIOUSLY BEING FACETIOUS. IF YOU ACTUALLY TRIED TO TOUCH MY
      FEET WITH YOUR DISGUSTING, ROTTEN SMELLING TONGUE I WOULD PROBABLY
      BE FORCED TO REACH DOWN MY THROAT AND PULL OUT MY OWN PUMP
      BISCUIT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT WAS ALSO ME BEING FACETIOUS. MY
      POINT IS, DON’T TOUCH ME, DON’T SMILE AT ME, DON’T WINK AT ME,
      DON’T HONK AT ME, DON’T DO *ANYTHING* IN MY DIRECTION, GOT
      THAT?!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WE ARE *****NOTHING***** TO EACH OTHER,
      DO YOU FUCKING UNDERSTAND ME, “““““BROTHER”””””?????</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Gamzee gets up from where he had been crawling
      across the floor in preparation for some righteous attritional toe
      sucking. He looks positively crestfallen.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: kArKaT... yO tHeRe’S gOtTa Be SoMeThInG i
      CaN dO.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: NO.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: NEVER IN THE WILDEST DREAMS OF YOUR SOPOR
      SOAKED PEABRAIN WILL WE BE “MOTHERFUCKING GOOD,” GAMZEE.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BECAUSE YOU’RE SLEEPING WITH THE GODDAMN
      ENEMY.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BECAUSE I STILL HAVE NIGHTMARES ABOUT
      WHAT YOU DID.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: AND BECAUSE YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THE
      FUCK YOU EVEN DID WRONG IN THE FIRST PLACE!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: woah ok karkat i get ur all fired up about
      politics and stuff but lay off gamz ok</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Yes, can’t you see that he’s sincerely trying
      to have a redemption arc?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i get if u dont wanna forgive him that totes
      your business</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but you gotta at least admit that hes makin
      an effort here</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: hOnK.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT’S!!!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IT!!!!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat points at Jane again, then at Roxy, and
      then at Gamzee.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: FUCK YOU, AND YOU, AND ESPECIALLY
      YOU.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IN FACT, FUCK ALL OF YOU. I’M
      LEAVING!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat whirls around to leave, but Dave tries
      to stop him, hands on his shoulders. Karkat wrestles out from his
      under his gentle grip, hissing. He jabs Dave hard in the clavicle,
      hard enough that Dave is forced to take a shocked half-step
      backwards.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dude</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT PART OF “ALL OF YOU” DO YOU NOT
      UNDERSTAND, STRIDER?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ARE YOU AS DEAF AS YOU ARE STUPID?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY WAY.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave folds out of the way, stunned and
      compliant. Jade gapes at her stunned boyfriend, and the empty space
      in the doorway left by her other boyfriend.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: dave what the FUCK did you say to him
      downstairs?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: uh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: nothing?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: tbh i think hes been holding all that in for
      a while</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat leaves a stunned silence in his wake.
      Jane fuming silently to herself, Kanaya and Rose exchanging a
      knowing look about World Politics, John chewing his lip and mulling
      about how Karkat is probably right, and how if he were braver, he
      would have backed him up.</p>
      <p>This unpleasant spell of poorly attuned togetherness is
      interrupted by Jake looking all toothsome and fatherly with Tavros
      asleep in his arms, and a placated Vriska riding his broad
      shoulders.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: By jove chaps what was all that
      commotion?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: It was nothing, Jake. Go back to the
      playroom.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: no wait</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: jake were havin another funeral</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: we dont got much time so im appointing you
      officially third in charge of the planning committee</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: after me and callie obvs</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh my god, roxy, are you really serious about
      this funeral idea?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yeah why wouldnt i be?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: christ.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m all for like, honoring the memory of this
      departed version of teen jade we barely know, but...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’re SO pregnant!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yea im pregnant as shit but i dont see
      anybody else steppin up to the plate</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Roxy, I understand the sentiment, but are you
      really sure it’s...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Appropriate?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yup</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its even more appropriate now</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: after all the bullshit thats happened we need
      a good bash for the sake of team unity</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Admit To Still Being Ignorant Regarding
      Many Aspects Of Human Culture</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: But A Funeral Is Not What I Would
      Call</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: “A Bash”</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lmao thats cuz youve got no imagination
      kanaya</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: well make sure its lit AF right jake</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Golly i do love me a good soiree no matter
      the circumstance.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Id be chuffed to the nines to be your third
      man on this one rox.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: then its official</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: this time next week well corpse party like
      its the end of the world!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: er</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: again!!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: ...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ...</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: ...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane pushes up her spectacles so that she can
      pinch the bridge of her nose.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: How is it that no matter how hard I try to
      keep the foolishness in my life confined exclusively to my romantic
      partners...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I invariably find myself surrounded by clowns
      regardless?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: hOnK.</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>