<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 39</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s39'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 39</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">O</span>n the
      other side of the continent, somewhere along the border between the
      Human and Troll Kingdoms, Dave and Jade navigate a densely jungled
      region. Though they’re high-ranking members of the resistance, they
      aren’t decked out in the full military regalia associated with
      their positions. They’re in camo fatigues, Dave sporting a
      patchwork of bright and dark reds, Jade in black and grays. This is
      the designated attire for those on scouting and reconnaissance
      missions, which is the nature of their current expedition.</p>
      <p>The orders came from Commander Vantas himself. This
      underdeveloped part of the border, mostly uninhabited for many
      miles, was unspeakably critical to the rebellion, according to the
      commander. When pressed on it, he’d claim the reasons needed to
      remain classified for now. Dave and Jade suspect the real reason is
      that Karkat can’t bear to put them in harm’s way, risking their
      Heroic deaths. But they’ve decided to do him the professional
      courtesy of believing his story. The way they see it, he’s finally
      earned a little respect by now. Besides, there’s some fun to be had
      out here, away from the fog of war. Just like the good old days,
      during their archaeological expeditions in search of Shitty
      Liberties.</p>
      <p>They fly side by side just above the thick jungle canopy,
      sweeping the horizon with sharp eyes.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: i think i see another one!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh snap</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave squints. Sure enough, there does appear
      to be a large, rusted arm holding a torch, blurred by JPEG
      artifacts and covered in vines, poking out just above the canopy.
      It’s two or three miles off to the west.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: youre right</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: another shitty liberty</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: good eye jade</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave takes a picture with his phone, then
      updates his report containing a comprehensive accounting of the
      locations of every ancient Statue of Liberty his alternate-timeline
      adult self once distributed all over this world as some sort of
      ironic, avant-garde goof. He’s spent a lot of time on Earth C
      wondering when adult-Dave got around to doing which specific
      legendary exploits in the pre-flood period of this planet when it
      was in the old solar system. So much time, in fact, that he turned
      into an adult-Dave himself. Was he the age he is now when he
      scattered these Liberties in one of the boldest postmodernist
      endeavors in human history? The thought is sobering. He can’t help
      but feel how appropriate it is that about five thousand years
      later, his work is being curated and appreciated by yet another
      adult-Dave. Who better for the task?</p>
      <p>Jade readies another tactical bundle to be deployed inside the
      distant Liberty. It includes an efficient pack of captchalogue
      cards containing tracking technology, military equipment, and
      powerful explosives. In the event this region becomes another front
      of the war, the commander wants as many Shitty Liberties as
      possible seeded with provisions useful to the rebellion, including
      the ability to detonate them at any time, so that they may serve as
      traps. Dave wonders if his other self ever imagined they’d be used
      this way. He’s sure adult-Dave would have approved, being a fellow
      freedom fighter himself. It’s too perfect, actually. Deploying a
      bunch of Shitty Liberties as bombs in the service of a kind of
      liberty that is entirely un-shitty. It makes him wonder if his
      other self on some level knew they would be used for this purpose
      one day. The thought of his double’s selfless sacrifices against
      clown tyranny makes him feel so proud, he wipes away a small tear
      forming at the edge of his eye.</p>
      <p>Old age has made him emotional. It didn’t used to be like this.
      Gotta keep it together, he thinks. Focus on the mission.</p>
      <p>Then, he notices something. Just below him, to the east a bit. A
      lumpy part of the jungle where the canopy bulges upward slightly in
      an uneven, somewhat angular way. It suggests a rigid structure
      beneath the overgrowth. Something man-made. Another Liberty,
      perhaps? No, this structure is different, more compact. More likely
      a ruined building from an ancient Earth city. It seems to call to
      him.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yo jade</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: why dont you go ahead and rig that liberty
      ill be right there</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i wanna check something out down here
      first</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: what is it?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: idk probably nothing</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: some ancient bullshit tucked away in the
      fucking jungle</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: doesnt hurt to be thorough</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: ok dave</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: be careful!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i love you</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i love you too</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade swoops closer, gives him a kiss, then
      spins around and flies off to the distant Shitty Liberty. Dave
      watches his wife go, her tail protruding through the rear of her
      camo pants, swishing back and forth with a sense of unrestrained
      affection for her husband. He’s a lucky man, he tells himself. He
      knows he is. Before any decades-old doubts can resurface to haunt
      him, he dives through the canopy in search of the ruins. Those
      reservations, the tense feelings in his chest, that’s all in the
      past for him. He loves his beautiful, doggy wife more than anything
      in the world, and that’s all there is to say on the matter.</p>
      <p>The ruins are so overgrown with vines and the thick trunks of
      creeping trees, he can’t make out the shape of the building. He can
      barely see an inch of exposed surface, but something is clearly
      there. He flies around the perimeter, pushing leaves and branches
      out of his way. Here’s something. An old window, grand in design,
      but broken, busted in by a huge branch that extends deep inside
      from years of growth.</p>
      <p>It’s dark inside, hot and musty. He activates a small,
      military-issue flashlight. Bugs scatter and fly about. He scans the
      boundaries of the room, shining the light around. There are
      unrecognizably ancient, moldy paintings in frames hanging on the
      wall. And yet the wall seems to have no corners. He knows what this
      room is. He’s seen it before in films, under much better repair
      than this.</p>
      <p>He’s standing in the Oval Office of the White House. Plant life
      is covering everything, but all the fixtures are there. Moss is
      consuming the big desk. That flowering mass of thorny vines is
      where the couches would be. And over there... is something he
      doesn’t quite recognize. It doesn’t seem to fit in. He steps closer
      to investigate, wiping away at the layers of moss and dirt to
      reveal a surface he most certainly does recognize. It’s a
      transportalizer.</p>
      <p>Dave doesn’t waste any time. You don’t find something like this
      in the Oval Office and start agonizing over whether or not to use
      it. He steps on the platform, and in a blink his surroundings are
      completely different. The centuries of overgrowth are gone, and he
      appears to be in some sort of crypt, boxed in by walls of smooth,
      golden stone. At the far side of the room, something is hanging on
      the wall, encased in a sort of display. It’s a mounted god tier
      costume, about the size an adult male would wear. He recognizes the
      symbol. It’s the same one Jake used to wear when they were teens.
      It is the symbol for Hope.</p>
      <p>He steps toward the costume, hears a “click” under his shoes. He
      looks down and discovers he’s standing on a large button, which has
      just become illuminated under the pressure of his feet. The button
      bears a strange, angular symbol he doesn’t recognize, but before he
      can study it, something directly in front of him draws his
      attention. Thousands of bright particles swarm from an unseen
      origin and coalesce into a solid, luminous figure in the shape of a
      tall man. The radiance of the holographic image diminishes to
      reveal a man in a suit, with a strikingly recognizable face. Dave
      draws in a sharp breath and clutches at his chest.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Hello, Mr. Strider.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I’ve been waiting a long time for you to
      show up.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave’s jaw hangs open. The legends have been
      confirmed. As well as several key headcanons of his. Without
      thinking, he drops to one knee and bows his head.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: m... mr president</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its an honor sir</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">President Obama laughs amiably and gestures
      with one hand for Dave to rise.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Come on now, Dave. We can’t be having
      that.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I’m nobody’s king. I’m a democratically
      elected representative who took an oath to serve his country and
      his people. People like you, Dave.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: If anything, I should be the one
      bowing.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave says nothing, at a loss for how to
      respond to such soft-spoken words of wisdom and humility. He idles
      for a moment, seemingly waiting for Obama to follow through with
      his promised act of deference.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Hahaha, I’m not gonna bow, man. I was just
      pulling your leg.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh ok</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I just want to talk to you for a little
      while. Is that alright, or do you have somewhere you need to
      be?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no sir i dont have anywhere to</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yes sir</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its MORE than alright its such an honor
      to...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what i mean is</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: (fuck)</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: mr president what i mean is im a huge fan of
      yours and i hope this doesnt sound fucked up but on some level i
      feel like ive been waiting my whole life for this moment??</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I know, Dave.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Obama offers a warm smile. He looks down,
      adjusting the cuffs of his holographic suit with the casual manner
      of a skilled statesman. It’s the body language of a man getting
      down to business.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Now, you probably weren’t aware of this.
      But I’m familiar with the work you’ve done for your country in the
      past. For the whole planet, actually.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Before you moved it, that is.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you knew about him?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: or i mean</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: me</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Oh, yes.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Most people thought I was gone. But I was
      keeping an eye on events.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Wouldn’t miss it for anything.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: where did you go</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I was doing what you did back then, when
      the world needed you.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I was doing what you’re doing now, under
      the same circumstances.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I was answering the call.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I went about it in a way no one at the time
      could understand.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: You see, Dave. No one can really see the
      big picture.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: That’s what real leadership is all about.
      Looking at the big picture, seeing the long road ahead, making the
      hard choices for the greatest good.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Not just decisions that lead to a better
      tomorrow, or to make sure the next year is better than the last. Or
      even the next decade.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: You have to think about the next century,
      the next millennium.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Sometimes, you may even have to leave
      people wondering if you’ve forsaken them entirely, because your
      real duty is to concern yourself with the final destination of the
      planet. To make sure it stays safe along the hard journey and ends
      up being the best home it can be for both the human race and the
      many newcomers to our world.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Doing the right thing often means walking a
      long and lonely road, Dave.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: But I’m guessing you’ve already figured
      this out.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i guess so</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave pauses, pensively fiddling with the
      pockets of his camo pants. He has so many questions for the
      ex-president. He braces himself, and presses ahead.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: if you dont mind my asking sir</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i thought you died?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: well i mean i KNOW you did where im from with
      the meteors and all</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but from what i know about the history of the
      flooded earth timeline</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you served your two terms then just</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: a little after that they say you
      disappeared</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so... you didnt die?</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Oh, I certainly died, Dave.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Just not when they say I did.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Like I said, I was just answering the
      call.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Other brave heroes like you stepped in to
      fill the void I left behind. As I knew you all would.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: And some say the death of those heroes was
      in vain, or a waste, since the human race was wiped out anyway.
      Just like they say my supposed death was a waste, a loss that
      humanity couldn’t endure.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: But they were wrong.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Those heroes were fighting for something.
      Even if all you manage to accomplish is leaving behind a legacy to
      inspire others in the future who need that Hope to go on. Even if
      one of those in the future you end up inspiring is an alternate
      history version of yourself, Dave.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Haven’t you been improved by the knowledge
      of what you grew up to be in my time? Can you really say you’d be
      what you are today without the memory of him?</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Or the memory of me, for that matter?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave considers the question seriously. He’s
      transfixed by Obama’s kind gaze and can’t seem to look away. There
      are times when he feels relieved by the lifestyle decision he made
      as a kid to wear a pair of aviator sunglasses at all times, no
      matter what.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats all good and totally inspiring and all
      but</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: sorry if this is nosy but if you didnt die
      when you disappeared then how did you die</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Most of that is classified, Dave.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Rest assured, it was a Heroic death that
      took place many years after my disappearance, upon which rested the
      fate of Paradox Space itself.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: There were loose ends to tie up. Baggage
      from my distant past. You know how it is. Troubles from your
      childhood tend to follow you. Even after you move into the White
      House. Believe me.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: heh yeah i guess so</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what happened to you as a kid</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: or is that classified too</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: No, it’s not classified. Because I never
      even told the government about it.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Can’t classify what you don’t know.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: damn</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: When I was a boy living in Hawaii, on my
      thirteenth birthday I was visited by a mysterious stranger.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: He was an older man with a mustache. Kind
      of a corny, old-fashioned, adventuring type. He tried to convince
      me we were related. Of course, I thought he was full of shit.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: To this day, I’m not sure about that. Maybe
      he was. I didn’t think much of his tall tale at the time, but what
      did pique my interest was his story.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: He was voyaging all over the Pacific
      looking for a mysterious island, which supposedly had all the
      answers he’d spent his whole life searching for.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: During his travels, he set up outposts all
      over the ocean to help with his search. Such as one near where I
      lived as a boy. The outpost had a laboratory, an archeological dig
      site, a network of underground tunnels, the works.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: One time, I snuck in there and did some
      exploration of my own. Somewhere in the maze of underground ruins,
      I found a transporter pad, just like the one that brought you
      here.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: It sent me to a new realm. A place they
      called the Medium.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave does his best not to show it, but his
      heart is racing faster with every word Obama says. His mind races
      too, with more thoughts than he can keep track of. Thoughts of
      affirmation, exhilaration. i knew it... i knew it! his brain
      repeats to itself. The sense of vindication is indescribable.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Others were there. Kids my age. I made
      friends that lasted a lifetime.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Over the years, I would return there now
      and then, when I felt I was needed.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I made one final trip there after serving
      my terms in office. As I said, I kept an eye on Earth events. But I
      knew I could never return. Not with the work that still needed to
      be done.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: But before my Heroic death, I made sure to
      have my affairs in order, to fulfill certain cosmic necessities of
      the future. Such as our meeting here today, Dave.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: holy shit</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I captchalogued a ghost imprint of my
      brain. You remember how to do that, don’t you?</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I stored the imprint in this holographic
      projection device.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: You see, Dave, it was critical that I had a
      chance to speak with you. But only when the time was right. Only
      once you had made it all this way, standing ready to defend the
      future of Earth C.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Tears are welling up in the corners of Dave’s
      eyes. There go the fucking waterworks again. He says another quiet
      prayer of gratitude for the shades John gave him. He’s got to keep
      it together. He tells himself there’s nothing wrong with crying. Of
      course there isn’t. Just... not in front of Obama. He’s GOT to keep
      it together. He sniffs in deeply, with a theatrical stoicism, and
      crosses his arms. But on his exhale, a small, choked sob escapes.
      He seals his lips tight, but his mouth quivers and puckers under
      the impossible pressures of restraint.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I know what you’re going through. There’s a
      lot to be emotional about in these trying times.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Hey, why don’t we take a walk. You’ll have
      a chance to collect yourself. And there’s something I’d like you to
      see.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Obama waves his hand toward a wall, and a
      secret compartment opens up with the traditional stone-grinding
      noises to be heard in any crypt worth exploring. He leads the way
      into a dark corridor. They walk for some time, only one pair of
      solid feet making audible footsteps that echo far ahead into the
      darkness. The light from Obama himself serves as Dave’s torch.
      Soon, he feels calm enough to continue the conversation.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: mr president</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you said...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i reminded you of the adult dave from your
      timeline</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: That’s right.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so wait</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: how did you know adult dave if you were from
      the original timeline</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Dave, come on now.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Surely you must know I’m no stranger to
      timeline shenanigans myself.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh yeah</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: of course what was i thinking</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anyway no offense but</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: are you really sure i remind you of him</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: there are a lot of times where i dont feel
      like im at all living up to that guys example</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: a lot of times i feel like im just going
      along with shit</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like my buddy organizes a badass rebellion
      and im just like duh yeah alright</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: sounds cool guess ill scout around the jungle
      and rig a bunch of shitty statues of liberty to explode if those
      are the orders</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Rig the what to do what now?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh uh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah maybe never mind that</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its just a stupid mission im on and tbh
      karkat probably just sent us on it so we dont get ourselves killed
      stupidly</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Obama nods solemnly at this clarification. His
      expression makes it clear that this is the type of executive
      decision he understands all too well.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but compared to that guy i apparently turned
      out to be</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i dunno</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i feel like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: a lesser version of myself somehow</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: not lesser maybe just like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i somehow ended up as the version of me who
      didnt stay as true myself as i could have</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i entered this world already considered a
      god</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: already famous</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: already celebrated as a genius</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what was there left to achieve</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i still did a lot of incredible and stupid
      shit that i guess im pretty proud of</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: idk</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: something feels hollow about a lot of what
      ive done the last bunch of years</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: or i guess about a lot of stuff in
      general</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its not just accomplishments or stuff like
      that it goes deeper i think</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like karkat managed to rise to the occasion
      and defend his people but i hardly had anything to do with that</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: it was mostly him</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hes turned into someone pretty incredible
      really</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: You still care a lot about Karkat, don’t
      you?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: uh well</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: of course i do hes my friend</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Are you sure that’s all he is, Dave?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i love my wife</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jade has been the best thing that ever
      happened to me</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the day i decided to marry her and like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: get off the fence</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: stop insulting her by acting so casual about
      it like our thing was no big deal</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: she deserved me being all the way into it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: she deserves everything</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i KNOW this is all true</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: But?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Here come the tears again. More than a drop or
      two at the corners of his eyes. He blinks, and they run down his
      face, racing beneath the lower rims of his shades faster than he
      can turn away. He’s losing control now. His cool is a distant
      memory, like a dream he’s struggling to remember. Obama puts a
      flickering hand on his shoulder. Dave feels the dense light of the
      hologram buzzing through the fabric of his clothes, grazing his
      skin. It tingles, like mild static electricity.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: my bro died a long time ago</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: fuckin hung himself for some damn reason</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: for a little while i had a bro</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i could talk to him about stuff</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i did a little bit</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but i dunno if we got THAT deep into...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: whatever</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: You can always talk to me about anything,
      Dave.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thanks man</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i guess what im trying to say is</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i miss him</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: a lot</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I think Dirk would be proud if he could see
      how you turned out.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: In fact, I know it.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean yeah i do kinda miss him too</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i try not to think about him much because</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: well thats a whole thing</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what i meant was</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i miss karkat</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave falls to his knees. He slides his open
      palms up beneath his shades and covers his face. He weeps quietly
      as Obama looks down on him, smiling patiently, understandingly.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i think i messed up</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i didnt do the right thing a long time ago
      and now</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: even though i love jade</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i feel like im living a lie</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i try not to even think any of this stuff but
      now that im letting myself not only think it but say it i feel like
      im panicking</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i dont know what to do</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i dont...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He’s hyperventilating now but catches himself.
      He has to calm down. This is no way to behave in front of a
      president. He collects himself, starts breathing steadily, and
      looks up.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: mr president</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: can you keep a secret</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Yes I can, Dave.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: These days, keeping secrets is practically
      all I ever do down here.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i think</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He runs a hand through his hair, and looks
      back down.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">Obama purses his lips in that trademark way of
      his—thoughtful, serious, contemplative. He nods slowly, letting the
      silence grow, as if considering precisely how to deliver the most
      perfect arrangement of words any man has uttered in human
      history.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Over the course of our lives, we all tend
      to believe we’re a lot of different things.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: One year, you’re this. Another, you’re
      that. Later in life, you start pushing forty, and start worrying
      you’ve been believing the wrong thing about yourself the whole
      time.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I’ve had my share of doubts about all that,
      just like any other man.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: And I’ve had plenty of the same kind of
      struggles as you, Dave.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wait</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Obama nods, smiles wistfully. Dave arches his
      eyebrows high above his shades. They stare at each other, and in
      the look they exchange, they seem to say all that needs to be said
      between two grown men on the matter.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Identity, sexuality, gender, all that stuff
      is about as illusory as I am, standing before you here.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Is this the real me? Who can really
      say.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Depends on what real means, or what I even
      mean when I say “me.”</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: For that matter, are you even the real
      you?</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Haven’t you been asking yourself that
      question one way or another all your life?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Believing is the key to understanding the
      truth underlying the words, the truth underlying the ideas they
      represent, and the truth underlying who we are as individuals.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: The power of belief, the power of Hope,
      that’s what endows that which is intangible, ephemeral, or
      uncertain with a sense of reality.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: It brings focus to the insubstantial, the
      mirages of the mind, the multiplicity of what is possible, of what
      could be, and isolates it—concentrates it—to turn it into that
      which is.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: And the result of that, Dave, is what we
      call truth.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave is still crying, but he doesn’t care
      anymore. The tears are flowing down his face, but he won’t look
      away. He’s perfectly unashamed of his vulnerability at this moment.
      The only thing he knows is he needs to listen carefully to every
      precious syllable. To listen with his ears, his heart, his entire
      being.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: The truth of oneself can be very specific,
      if one wills it to be.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Statements such as, I am gay, I am
      straight, I am a man, I am a woman, these are statements about an
      individual that gain strength through the power of belief we invest
      in them.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: But there is another more generalized truth
      about a person that can emerge when such conviction is absent. When
      the partitions of the mind dissolve, and the boundaries between
      everything you are now and everything you might have become begin
      to fade away.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: youre talking about that ultimate self
      stuff</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I am indeed, Dave.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wow</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: havent heard about that in so long</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: rose used to talk about it all the time</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dirk would rant about it a lot too</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: He sure did.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wait</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you mentioned dirk earlier</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: did you like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: actually KNOW him??</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Oh... we’ve met on a few occasions.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave blinks.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: how is that possible</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: he killed himself</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Did he, now?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: are you saying thats not what happened</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I’m saying you know as well as I that it’s
      awfully hard to pin down exactly what happened to whom, depending
      on which frame of reference we might be talking about.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wow</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so like... he...</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I learned a lot from him.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Met up with him as a young man, as I was
      just beginning to explore the wonders of my session.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: He taught me about many things. Combat,
      philosophy, life, love...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: love???</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hold on are you saying</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: that...</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Now, Dave. I can’t go around disclosing
      everything under the sun. Plenty of this is still under the
      umbrella of executive privilege.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Loose lips sink ships, as they say.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Obama winks again. Dave has actually lost
      track of how many times he’s winked so far.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: right right</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so... somehow he met you and uh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: trained you and stuff</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and talked about the ultimate self</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i remember my dirk would go off the deep end
      about that stuff sometimes</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and maybe it made him fucking snap because
      then he just offed himself and that was that</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but rose used to talk about it too</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: probably even more</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but one day she just stopped and never
      mentioned it again</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: do you know what like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: happened to her</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: She’s settled happily into the specific.
      That’s her path now.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: All of you have embraced that life, in this
      safely sequestered version of planet Earth.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: All of you until now, Dave.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: This is why you’re here.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I believe you’re ready to wake up.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave realizes suddenly that they’ve stopped at
      a dead end of the passage. Obama holds up his arm and points his
      open palm toward the wall. The wall lifts with the comforting sound
      of ancient stones grinding against each other. The sliding panel
      reveals a recess, and in the recess stands a robot. It’s a
      gleaming, polished silver replica of Dave, but without shades. It
      stands totally still, unpowered. Dave struggles to make sense of
      what he’s looking at.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Now, look.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: A human body, even one that’s been elevated
      to god tier status, cannot withstand the stresses put on it by the
      awesome power of the Ultimate Self.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: You’d quickly become sick and wither away.
      We can’t have that.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: So before I died, I made sure to create
      this brand-new body for you.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: I have to admit, it’s some of my finest
      work. A real beauty.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: It should serve you well in your new life.
      A life where the world will need you more than ever, Dave.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Not only this world, but the future of
      reality.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: If this sounds confusing, don’t worry.
      You’ll understand everything once I help you ascend.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: So what do you say? At the end of the day,
      this is a choice that belongs to you.</p>
      <p class="obama">OBAMA: Are you ready to accept your destiny, Dave
      Strider?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">It finally catches up with him, what’s taking
      place here. Dave is sobbing loudly now, beside himself with
      feelings of joy, a sort of existential relief, and a true sense of
      purpose. He takes only a moment to decide. Not to weigh the merits
      of decision. He understands now that the decision was already made
      the second he first laid eyes on the former president. He pauses
      only to savor this perfect moment.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yes</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: absolutely</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i have never been more ready for anything in
      my life mr president</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Obama nods once, curtly, and his smile
      dissolves into a serious look as he closes his eyes. He extends his
      arm and slowly pushes his hand through Dave’s forehead. The energy
      from the dense lightform crackles and sends waves through the air
      like ripples through a pond. It happens suddenly, a shock of white
      light completely enveloping his and Dave’s bodies, intense bands
      and lashes of pure Hope radiating from their silhouettes.</p>
      <p>Dave’s eyes widen, his mouth opens as if to scream, but he
      doesn’t make a sound. Infinite experience flows through his
      consciousness, an unimpeded torrent of raw potentiality. He sees
      everything. The roads not taken, the lives not lived, the thoughts,
      desires, fears all unacted upon. The Doomed Daves, the Davesprites,
      the Davepetas, life with Jade, life with Karkat, life with both,
      life with neither. It’s like soaring through the clouds at
      supersonic speed, too quickly to make out the shape of any single
      puffy nimbus, like a breakneck jaunt through Skaia. Huge clouds
      rushing by, small ones, clouds with visions, empty clouds, white
      clouds, then a great dark one. And then, the briefest possible
      glimpses—most too fleeting to be noticed—of Dirk.</p>
      <p>And then, nothing. It all stops abruptly, and Dave collapses to
      the ground, dead.</p>
      <p>Obama is holding his hand up, and floating just above his palm
      is Dave’s ascended essence. It flickers wildly in his hand like a
      little kernelsprite. Obama holds it up to his face and blows it
      away like dandelion fluff. It floats lazily into the chest of the
      robot, and with that, Obama disappears, leaving the corridor in
      total darkness and silence.</p>
      <p>Seconds pass. And then a minute.</p>
      <p>And then, time seems to stop altogether. As if the aspect itself
      has suspended its forward motion, bowing before the unprecedented
      transformation taking place. It defers to its greatest knight,
      risen anew.</p>
      <p>With a deep, reverberating electric hum, the robot’s eyes light
      up, deep red, bright enough to light up the entire passage. Its
      face comes to life. Its mouth, oddly pliable for a metal surface,
      begins to smile a little. And then, very broadly.</p>
      <p>The robot steps out of its recess and points its head downward,
      the searing red beams from its eyes spotlighting Dave’s crumpled
      torso. The robot—Davebot—shakes his head slowly. The doubts, the
      confusion, the insecurities of the man lying here all died along
      with his body. Davebot smoothly reaches down, lifts the shades off
      the corpse, and puts them on his face.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: its about fuckin time</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>