<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 36</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s36'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 36</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">T</span>he moment
      John caught a proper glance of (Vriska) and Gamzee going at it in
      the bushes, he was done. He simply had no further capacity to deal
      with any of it. He just fucked off.</p>
      <p>A few hours of aimless wandering through the sky brought him
      back here, to his old house. He hasn’t lived here in years, but it
      feels exactly as it had when he last left it. It’s like no time has
      passed at all. John leans back in his dad’s desk chair, stares at
      the ceiling and listens to the war.</p>
      <p>The steady drone of weaponized airships up above has become so
      commonplace in everyday life that he barely even notices it
      anymore. But now he focuses, trying to pick out the individual
      sounds. No matter how hard he tries, he can’t tell which ship
      belongs to which side, or how many there are. He doesn’t know
      whether they’re coming or going. Rose, Kanaya, and their daughter
      are probably up there somewhere by now.</p>
      <p>The washing machine chugs along in the next room. In John’s
      experience, troll blood is incredibly difficult to wash out of
      clothes. His t-shirt is probably going to be Vriska-colored for the
      rest of its life.</p>
      <p>Somehow, no matter what, he always seems to end up back in this
      house. It’s been through the Medium and two different universes,
      and come out of it with only a slight warping to the foundations.
      Everything is coated in dust. He hasn’t bothered to turn any lights
      on, or change any of the bulbs that have burned out over the past
      few years. He thought he heard someone moving around upstairs a
      while ago, but he didn’t get up to check. He hasn’t gotten up
      for... how long has passed? He has no idea.</p>
      <p><em>Creak. Creaaaak.</em> God, this house is rattly. It could be
      a wild animal up there. It could be a thief. John doesn’t think he
      has anything he’d regret losing. At least not anything that he
      hasn’t already lost.</p>
      <p>His dad’s study looks the same as it had the day he moved out.
      Figurines, jauntily-hung photographs of famous funnymen, even the
      dent in the floor from the time Rose dropped a safe on a bunch of
      troublesome imps. He’d always meant to hire someone to fix it, he
      just... never got around to it. It’s the perfect room for a
      slow-motion existential crisis.</p>
      <p>If that’s what you can even call whatever it is he’s going
      through. Maybe it’s not so much of a crisis as a critical cessation
      of his ability to give a shit.</p>
      <p>Where an hour ago he’d been feeling blissfully unburdened by his
      solipsistic revelation, now the significance of everything’s
      insignificance overwhelms him. He wishes he could find comfort in
      the frivolity like Rose has, but it’s impossible for him to delude
      himself. If nothing matters, what is the point of doing anything?
      Where is he supposed to go from here? How do you figure out how to
      fill your time when you have all of a meaningless eternity ahead of
      you?</p>
      <p>He’s not sure why his brain thought he’d find an answer in this
      place. He swivels back and forth in his father’s dusty desk chair,
      staring listlessly up at the featureless white expanse of the
      ceiling of the study. His mind runs in exhausting circles until he
      dozes off to a lullaby of distant sonic booms.</p>
      <p>When next he’s jostled awake, it’s by a figure that looks
      uncomfortably like—</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: dad?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">As John blinks away the sleep from his eyes,
      the man looming over him comes into focus. It’s not his dad—it’s
      Jake Crocker. Who actually is his dad, but in a far more
      esoterically bullshit way than the man who used to fill this study
      with pipes and black licorice. John sits up straight in the chair
      and rubs at his eyes.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: jake?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what are you doing here?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wh–</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: HOW are you here?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: did something happen with jane?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Oh nothing er happened exactly.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Just thought we would pop in for a bit of r
      and r with an old pal isnt that right tav?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake scrunches up his face in the same way
      Harry Anderson does when he’s lying. Across the room, Tavros
      Crocker fumbles his grasp on a particularly hideous fanciful
      harlequin. One of its pointy shoes snaps off.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: Cripes,,, sorry, uncle john,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: I’ll replace it,,,</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s fine. that’s actually just a piece of
      garbage.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John thinks he might still be dreaming. Though
      if his subconscious were controlling the scene, there would be a
      few alterations.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: aren’t you cold?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I am in fact!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: These old duds...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake snaps the elastic on his pair of red
      underpants. It’s the only thing he’s wearing.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Well you see janey bought all my other
      clothes.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: She had a certain way she liked me kipped out
      and well, i didnt want to bring anything that belonged to her when
      i left. Nothing she er, might miss.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: You took me,</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake winces.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">TAVROS: And,,, you took you,</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake’s wince deepens.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Then i daresay i made the right choice not
      rustling the bushes in the making off with inanimate belongings
      department.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Wouldnt want to give her any more reasons to
      get all retributive!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Shes got a lot to worry about right now!
      Incredibly busy woman you know.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Over by the desk, Tavros’s eyebrows have
      disappeared up under his bangs, but he doesn’t say anything. He has
      the air of a boy who has spent all of his life not saying
      anything.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: okay, so, uh...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i guess i’m just gonna move past the fact
      you’re 90% naked in my house.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m not forgetting about it. we’ve got to
      address that at some point.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but i guess we can put that on the backburner
      for now.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: are you trying to tell me that you left
      jane?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Eh heh heh whew when you put it like that it
      sure sounds erm...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Well i suppose that is what it looks like
      isnt it. Ha ha.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: What i did that is. Thats the thing thats
      looking like that. Hoo...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake is one whole wince now, and John knows he
      should invite him to sit down and maybe offer him something to
      drink. Or at least a pair of pants. But all this is is another
      reminder of how inescapably preposterous every aspect of this
      reality has become.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: so i guess this is the thing that’s currently
      happening now.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what exactly do you want me to do?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Well. I suppose i was hoping you might be
      willing to help me and wee tavvy out a bit here.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: help you out?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John produces a dry laugh.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s pretty funny.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i remember trying to help you for years, and
      you never seemed that interested back then.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake was apparently not expecting John’s sharp
      tone. He flinches back like a kicked dog. Or a dog who has been
      kicked so many times he assumes any helping hand is a slap.</p>
      <p>All the same, John finds it hard to feel much sympathy. Who
      <em>is</em> Jake? The one standing in front of him now, anyway. Has
      he always been this contemptibly pathetic, or is this too a
      function of the absurdity of this contorted reality? It’s hard to
      be sure. Are Jake’s “struggles” worth any more of John’s guilt and
      emotional energy than a Sim stuck in a pool without a ladder?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Look here chap sometimes not everything is so
      simple!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: It isnt as if i couldve just walked out the
      door whenever i wished!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean... yeah, you kind of could have.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: not now. but years and years ago.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: back before everything got so...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Warlike and tempestuous?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i was gonna say stupid, but yeah.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Well its not as if janey got like this
      overnight.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: None of this happened overnight john!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Its just like you go to take a dip in the
      water and everything starts out cool and fine...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: But then it just keeps getting hotter and
      hotter. Gradually. Degree by degree.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: So slowly that by the time the waters boiling
      you dont even realize youre being scalded alive!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John isn’t listening to Jake anymore. He’s
      looking at Jake’s son, who has returned to going methodically
      through the stuff on the desk, moving objects around, looking like
      he wants to shrink down into nothing. Tavros, who looks more like
      him than even Harry Anderson does.</p>
      <p>Something in John’s stomach churns. The ridiculous fate of this
      facsimile of his friend is one thing, but Tavros...</p>
      <p>If things really are the way they seem, isn’t <em>he</em> John’s
      fault, too? Did his reckless decision really author a
      <em>child</em>, just for it to suffer?</p>
      <p>John finds himself feeling a little sick.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: are you guys... i don’t know, hungry, or
      whatever?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think i have a frozen pizza.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He brings them into the kitchen, which still
      has all of the old appliances from decades ago—the stand mixer, the
      automatic can opener, the milkshake frother. He never uses any of
      this junk; it clutters the place up and he should have cleaned it
      all out years ago. He just kept coming up with excuses for why he
      had to leave it as it was.</p>
      <p>John has never been much of a drinker, but fortunately Jake
      English is never found without a bottle these days. He’s got a
      forty-year-old whiskey that he “grabbed on his way out.” Apparently
      his unwillingness to steal from Jane did not extend to her liquor
      cabinet. Tavros takes one look at the bottle in his father’s hand
      and heads upstairs. Maybe that’s for the best—it’s getting hard for
      John to look straight at him.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m sorry for being... i don’t know. a
      bitch.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s just been kind of a rough forever.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: No offense taken chap! Whisky?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: As you may know im not in truth the biggest
      fan of the stuff but it gets the job done right quick eh.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John accepts the offered glass and takes a
      sip. Regardless of the existential status of this reality, the
      alcohol tastes just as harsh and bitter as he remembers it. Jake
      swirls the rocks in his glass, looking queasy despite his
      proclamation of tolerance.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: John.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Do you think im a bad person?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">That’s certainly not a question John ever
      expected to hear come out of Jake’s mouth. He hadn’t thought him
      capable of that degree of introspection.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: wait. what?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Do you think ive ruined my whole entire life
      and all of my relationships and especially the most important
      relationship in ones life, the divine and unbreakable bond between
      a man and his son?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: haha.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: not sure if i’m the best person to talk to
      about this, considering i kind of did the same thing?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but, no. i don’t really think that.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s not as if anything that’s happened to
      you is your fault, like, existentially.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: or like, even non-existentially. i guess even
      in straightforward non-metatextual-jerkoff terms it’s also not your
      fault your wife was treating you like shit?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it may be all my fault in both an existential
      and non-existential capacity, so i wouldn’t sweat it too much
      either way.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Eh? What do you mean?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t think you’d really understand.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: all i’m saying is...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’re alright, i think.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think you’re doing the best you can.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t blame you for anything, jake.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake grimaces. In the dim kitchen light his
      five o’clock shadow looks like a bruise.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I wish i could tell you hearing that was a
      load off my mind john.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: The me of yesteryear probably would have
      drunk to your health and exclaimed, thats grand ole chap! Now im
      off to wrestle with a robot and engage in dalliances and
      whatnot!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Except i would have been drinking flat cherry
      coke back then probably. Gran left an astounding amount of cherry
      coke behind when she died and it took forever to get through it
      all.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s pretty gross.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Different strokes for different folks i
      suppose!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Anyway my point is...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Maybe you should blame me?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Maybe i need someone to blame me. For
      once.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...huh?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I think im starting to realize that ive been
      going through life with the mindset that nothing has ever really
      been within my control.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Maybe its been the people i surround myself
      with.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Janey always seemed so sure of what was right
      and what she wanted!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: And one of those things was me.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I dont think i ever really tried to challenge
      her. Not when it ever mattered.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: And before her there was dirk.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Hoo boy. Dirk would have written me out an
      annotated schedule for every minute of my day if id asked him
      to.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Or um, especially if i hadnt asked him
      to.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Dirk... he...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Ah maybe its best if we dont dwell too much
      on that...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The two of them share a moment of obligatory
      silence for someone long dead and gone.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: In a way i think i found all that
      comforting.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Havent you ever wanted to let someone make
      the tough choices for you?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John wonders if everything being out of his
      control would make him feel better. Even if he weren’t presently
      stuck sucking on this bitter cosmic red pill, he can’t imagine
      being particularly happy with this worldstate. Maybe it just
      would’ve made it all the more soul-crushing.</p>
      <p>Or maybe he is doing exactly what Jake has always done. In a
      certain light, isn’t ascribing all this mess to some unconscious
      influence he might have had over the metaphysical shape of reality
      just a way to brush off his simpler failures as a man and a
      father?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: maybe. yeah. i dunno.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Im starting to think ive been a bit of a fool
      about it all though.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Its easy to shrug it all off when its just
      your own life being jostled about.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: But this is all something i shouldve been
      thinking about when ole tavvy was born isnt it?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Too little too late.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Ive not done right by that boy at all.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Even now all im doing is making excuses for
      myself. Phew!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">It’s hard for John to disagree. It probably
      wouldn’t do much good to say it, though. It’s not like John wants
      to torture the guy, whatever the status of his realness
      attribute.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: jake, i guess i actually don’t know you that
      well, but i think there’s a difference between making excuses and
      just giving reasons.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: there’s reasons for what you did, sure. and i
      guess you can think of it as an excuse, but that’s only if you
      don’t make the effort to start trying to fix yourself.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and i mean... okay, look. you left. you’re
      doing it. you’re making it happen!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you got your son out of there.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: better a decade late than never. i guess.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: You... youre right john!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I did do that didnt i.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Nobody swooped in through the window and
      rescued me.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I did it myself! I finally stood up for whats
      right and im going to make way for a new and better me!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I have my immortal life ahead of me. Theres
      no point in sitting around hating myself and regretting the
      past!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John’s mouth open and closes dumbly. That’s
      it?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: thought it would be harder to convince
      you?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake grins, and the effect is incendiary. It’s
      brilliant. His glee is lighting up the room. John blinks. It’s
      <em>literally</em> lighting up the room. A faint but steady glow
      pulses from Jake’s body, radiating like heat from a fire. John
      can’t help but recoil a little, like a vampire in the sunlight.</p>
      <p>He wishes bitterly that it could be so easy for <em>him</em>. To
      just forget all his fears and regrets, and forge forward with the
      honest, dumb conviction that if he just <em>tries hard enough</em>
      all his problems can be chased away.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Golly john, i–</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Gee willikers, do you hear that?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Music swells out of nowhere. For a moment John
      thinks the ridiculous noise is coming from Jake too, but he quickly
      pieces together that Tavros must’ve found the old record player
      upstairs. Jake sets his untouched glass of whiskey aside and starts
      tapping his fingertips on the kitchen countertop, his aura of hope
      pulsing brighter. Then, with a dignified flourish, he raises an
      arm.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: John.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Take my hand.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what? why?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake snatches John’s hand and pulls him in,
      catching him off guard. John floats, an instinctive reaction to
      when he’s knocked off balance.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Dance with me!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, jesus christ.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">This is not the sort of jazz you dance to, and
      it is <em>definitely</em> not the sort of jazz you waltz to. John
      isn’t sure there <em>is</em> that type of jazz. Jake leads
      relentlessly, but it’s the glow of his ridiculous god tier magic
      that brings John down enough for his feet to touch the ground.
      Whether John wants it or not, there’s something inescapably
      infectious about Jake’s senselessly optimistic energy. Even if they
      do end up stepping on each other’s feet, gamboling around like
      newborn giraffes, who cares? What’s the harm in a little
      dancing?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Im excited, john! I havent been excited in
      such a long time.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Its just so great to be out on my own! Here
      with you after so long!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: You and me and tav, gosh were going to make
      such a team! Two crockers and an egbert!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: A cracking good comedy to be sure.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Heck. Perhaps ill take back my good old name
      back! Who knows, maybe tav would want to be an english too!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: This place is a bit smaller than wee tavvy is
      used to but im sure well make do.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you want to move in with me?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Oh yes i suppose id ought run the plans by
      you first before letting my imagination run wild eh.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Im sure i could find somewhere else to stay.
      But i must say i do feel much safer bringing tav up with
      family!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake launches into a real doozy of a spin,
      which John supposes may well have knocked the last of his sense out
      of him.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: sure. why the hell not.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake gives John a twirl, which sends him
      spinning across the floor in his socks. He stumbles and falls over,
      which is a bit of a comical display with his windy reflexes. It
      makes Jake laugh uproariously.</p>
      <p>Being flung from Jake’s orbit of Hope and Change is a little
      like being dashed with a bucket of ice water, though. All of John’s
      gloom and malaise surges back to the fore like air filling a
      vacuum. He feels hungover.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: oof...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John lies immobile on the floor tile. Jake
      draws up to look down at him in confusion, striking a pose that is
      both dazzlingly modelesque and doubtlessly completely
      unintentional.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Eh? What are you looking so glum for there
      chap?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, you know. the usual.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Do you need help getting up?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: nah.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m cool down here, on the floor.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: You know john. Maybe wed ought embark upon
      this journey of self-betterment together!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: What do you say my boy?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I got my tavvy out. Have you been thinking
      about making amends with roxy and such? Maybe give her the push she
      needs to get out herself?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: not really.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: And why in the hell not!!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like i said, you wouldn’t really
      understand.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t think there’s really much of a point
      in me trying to talk to roxy.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: she’s not...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Shes not what?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John hauls himself up to his feet and moves to
      the living room. Jake follows, but John now ensures that’s there’s
      a healthy enough physical distance between himself and Jake’s black
      hole of psychic optimism.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: You cant rightly go and blame the woman for
      all your troubles john.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m not!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m not blaming her at all.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Then what ARE you saying johnnyboy?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John sighs and drops down onto the couch. He
      stretches out so Jake can’t take the seat beside him.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: that even if i COULD talk to her and try to
      set things straight...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: why bother?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: she may not even be, like, real. strictly
      speaking.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Eh?!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like i said. you wouldn’t understand.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: trust me. it’s all a whole lot of crazy
      stuff.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Youre right. That is an awfully crazy thing
      to say!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Not real? Why i just saw roxy yesterday!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Shes as solid and real a person as you or i
      john.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Its hardly becoming of a man to say something
      so dismissive even if its tough to know what a lady is thinking
      from time to time.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m not...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Whats that now?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i fucked up too bad, too long ago.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s just too late to change anything
      now.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: So what?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: huh?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: So what if it doesnt change anything? Wont it
      matter to your family to see you care?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Wont it make you feel better to try?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: To at least be able to say that when the
      chips were down, you gave it your honest all?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: And what about harry anderson? Do you really
      want to go the rest of your long life knowing you never tried to be
      the father your son needed?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Hearing the name is like a blow to the chest.
      Little Harry Anderson. His son, who he held and fed and taught and
      raised into a young man. Despite it all, he’s always been so
      unbelievably proud of that boy.</p>
      <p>If Roxy isn’t real, then his son must be even faker.</p>
      <p>Something about the thought makes John feel more rotten than
      anything else. Maybe it’s some aspect of his basic biology, buried
      down at the core of his lizard brain, that makes him want to reject
      what he knows is true. The allure of the denial—of the anaesthetic
      hope radiating from Jake’s epically sculpted body—is difficult to
      turn away from.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: My word john. Are you... crying?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: haha...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: jake, do you have roxy’s number?</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>