<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 9</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s9'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 9</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: arent you guys happy to get out of the house
      for once!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade’s tail swishes back and forth under her
      striped skirt as she takes a great, big sniff of the fresh outside
      air. It’s early evening on the outskirts of the Troll Kingdom. One
      by one, neon-bright windows are lighting up on the hives in the
      distance. Karkat is still shielding his eyes against the dying
      strains of the sunset. His shoulders are scrunched up so high that
      his cheeks disappear into his turtleneck.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: NO ACTUALLY.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I DON’T GET WHAT’S SO GREAT ABOUT IT. I
      CAN SEE THE SAME BULLSHIT FROM THE COMFORT OF MY HOUSE.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: CHECK IT OUT. A GIANT BILLBOARD OF JAKE
      ENGLISH COMPLETE WITH A GYRATING MECHANICAL ASS.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT A TOTALLY NECESSARY THING TO SHOVE
      RIGHT INTO MY GANDER BULBS.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: DEFINITELY COULDN’T HAVE LIVED WITHOUT
      SEEING THAT.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dude ok dont pretend you dont spend at least
      15% of your day ogling jakes ass on television anyway</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: in fact youre doing it right now</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WELL I CAN’T HELP IT, DAVE, IT’S RIGHT
      FUCKING THERE.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OH MY GOD, ARE THE MECHANICAL GLUTES ON
      THAT BILLBOARD ACTUALLY PADDED WITH PLUSH TO MAKE THEM MORE
      LIFELIKE?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah see crazed fans kept climbing the
      billboards to cop a feel so dirk designed the second run of them to
      have an accurate recreation of jakes butt density</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HE DID WHAT?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its wild dude its like exactly spot on</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WAIT</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HOLY FUCK, HAVE YOU ACTUALLY TOUCHED
      JAKE’S ASS???</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean not necessarily on purpose but who
      hasnt</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like i wouldnt say its so much that i touched
      his ass its more like his ass copped a feel of my sweaty palm one
      time and my poor fingers havent been the same since</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: sometimes i wake up from a fevered sleep and
      find my reluctant groping hand huddled in the corner of my bed all
      shaking and shit</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the mind represses but the body remembers</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ive thought about taking my hand to a
      psychologist but i dont think the little guy is ready to talk about
      it yet</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anyway have you seriously never touched
      it</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I HAVEN’T!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: not even by accident like brushing by in a
      crowded elevator</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: NO</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I DON’T SPEND A LOT OF TIME STANDING IN
      ELEVATORS WITH JAKE FUCKING ENGLISH, OR FOR THAT MATTER, DOING MUCH
      OF ANYTHING WITH THE IDIOT, AS YOU WELL KNOW.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what im hearing is youve tragically never
      touched his ass and its a bit of a sore subject with you</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: is that why youre so obsessed with it</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ?????</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: do you wanna touch it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: shit can be arranged my dude</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: here ill text dirk right now i bet he can
      pencil you in to cop a feel sometime next week</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: NO I DON’T WANT TO. PUT YOUR PHONE THE
      FUCK AWAY.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WE ARE NEVER HAVING A PLAYDATE WITH DIRK
      AND JAKE AGAIN, ESPECIALLY NOT ONE ARRANGED FOR THE EXPRESS PURPOSE
      OF ASSAULTING ONE OF THEM.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dude jake lives for this shit</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its not assault if his ass is begging for
      it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wait wow that sounded bad</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: lets strike that one from the record</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anyway its no problem he literally will be
      delighted to hear you want to spend time with him for some insane
      reason</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: STOP TEXTING RIGHT NOW!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat tries to tear Dave’s phone out of his
      hand, but Dave simply levitates several inches off the ground to
      hold it just out of jumping distance. Jade, pouting a bit, glides
      in between them and uses her Space powers to teleport Dave’s phone
      out from the center of his traumatized palm and into the pocket of
      her sweater.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: hey can we focus here?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: jakes ass isnt the one you two should be
      talking about right now</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OH MY GOD, JADE DO YOU EVER FUCKING
      STOP.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I DON’T CARE ABOUT YOUR ASS EITHER.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I’VE SEEN IT ABOUT AS MANY TIMES AS I’VE
      SEEN JAKE’S. THE NOVELTY HAS WORN OFF, ASSUMING THERE EVEN WAS MUCH
      TO BEGIN WITH.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade leers at the boy who may have just
      implied her ass was nothing to write home about. Her canines are
      longer and sharper than a normal human’s, making her grin seem more
      predatory in nature, especially when she wants it to be. Karkat
      shivers at the sight of it.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: thats NOT what im talking about...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade grabs Karkat’s right hand, and then
      Dave’s left one, and she begins to pull them toward each other.
      Both boys recoil, but she is much stronger than them.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jade</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: cmon what are you...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She’s doing it. She’s making it hapen.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: this is a DATE dummies!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: NO, STOP!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dude</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat makes a fist so tight that his nubby
      fingernails pinch his skin. Dave does the opposite. He makes a flat
      palm, and raises it as if to stop traffic.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: no..... let me.... show you....</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: you have to... turn it... flipwise!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She turns Dave’s hand so that it’s cupping
      Karkat’s angry little fist in its palm. When she pries Karkat’s
      fingers open finally, they snap close around Dave’s almost
      automatically. Karkat’s eyes go a little lightbulb-like. Dave’s
      gone pale and a bit sweaty.</p>
      <p>Jade claps, then makes a rectangle with her thumbs and
      forefingers, framing her hand-holding besties at the center of it.
      She’s taking a picture with her brain right now—Dave and Karkat,
      being all shy and intimate with the romantic backdrop of a
      brilliant twilight behind them. A pretty portrait. Put her in the
      middle of it, and it’s a work of art. Just what she wants the rest
      of her life to be. After all, where would these two pitiful beta
      boys be without her?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: see i dont mind at all!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i would never try to break up what you two
      have.... im just trying to make it BETTER!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">With a satisfied smile, Jade dips under their
      arms and hooks her hands around either waist, pulling Dave and
      Karkat up flush against her. Their fingers remain entwined behind
      her back. She begins walking them down the ridge of the hill,
      beaming brighter than the first stars in the sky.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: see isnt this perfect?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: it could be like this all the time you
      know... the three of us in every combination</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: or whatever combinations you two are
      comfortable with</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: heheheheh.... positions too!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave has gone catatonic. Karkat’s just as
      quiet, but it’s a quiet that’s as loud and alarmed as his actual
      voice. He’s got his head turned away from the situation he’s been
      forced into, as far as it will go. He’s concentrating so hard on
      looking elsewhere that he trips over a rock and is only saved by
      Jade picking the three of them off the ground as she takes flight.
      Karkat’s legs flail when his feet go out from under him.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: AUGH! DON’T DO THAT!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU KNOW I FUCKING HATE THAT!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade sets them back on the ground, cackling
      like the witch she is. Karkat still won’t look at her. She stops
      laughing abruptly, sensing that her plan isn’t going as well as
      she’d hoped. She views the two boys as a broken electrical circuit,
      and herself as the conductor between the two charged points. She
      just needs to maneuver it into the correct configuration, like she
      did with their hands. She does a few quick calculations in her
      head, refusing to give up on her assumption that relationship
      issues can be solved the same way math problems can.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: dont worry karkat theres nothing to be scared
      of...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: well take care of you... right dave?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave doesn’t answer. She answers for him by
      leaning down and planting a dry, affectionate kiss on Karkat’s
      cheek. He yelps and leaps away like he’s been scalded by a burning
      iron, liberating himself from the deeply uncomfortable hug
      triad.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OKAY THAT IS IT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I AM DRAWING A FUCKING LINE IN THE SAND
      RIGHT HERE AND NOW, JADE. YOU WILL CEASE THIS ENDLESS VIOLATION OF
      MY PERSON WITH YOUR MOUTH, FINGERS, AND OCCASIONALLY, YOUR FUCKING
      TAIL.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I AM NOT A PIECE OF MEAT THAT YOU CAN
      BRUTALLY AND VICIOUSLY MOLEST WHENEVER YOU’RE BORED.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: brutally and viciously?????</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: :\</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ALRIGHT, IT’S POSSIBLE I’M OVERREACTING.
      BUT THAT’S MY *FUCKING RIGHT* AS A FREE AND AUTONOMOUS PERSON WITH
      A CERTAIN DEGREE OF FUNDAMENTAL BODILY SOVEREIGNTY ENDOWED TO HIM
      BY THE GODS OF *MOTHER FUCKING CONSENT*.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: (mm hm)</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: sigh...</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BUT I HOPE YOU UNDERSTAND WHAT I’M
      GETTING AT HERE, WHICH IS THAT I WANT YOU TO STOP DOING SHIT LIKE
      KISSING ME WITHOUT ASKING PERMISSION FIRST.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: karkat youre absolutely right</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: and i couldnt agree more with you on issues
      of consent as everyone whos gotten to know me well enough is
      perfectly aware</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: BUT</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: im not the one who kissed you silly.....</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHA...?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade covers her mouth coquettishly and
      winks.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: it was.......DAVE!!!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave turns around, shoulders going rigid, and
      eyes popping open like he’s just awoken from one of the terrible,
      sweaty nightmares he was projecting onto his hand earlier.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i what</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: you kissed karkat! finally!!!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: n</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no i didnt</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: why would i...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave hesitates. Jade is giddy with
      anticipation. She couldn’t possibly look more pleased by her own
      handiwork.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i have no idea what youre talking about</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i would never</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: youre wack jade im not</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: wack????</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: why would i kiss karkat ive never even once
      thought about kissing karkat</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: how would you even fucking do it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hes so</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: petite</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I’M WHAT?!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: youre like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ok yeah im gonna admit that was a weird thing
      to say and has got dick all to do with your kissability</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: GOD DAMN IT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: CAN WE STOP TALKING ABOUT THIS YET??</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what i mean is like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: how could somebody kiss this guy</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like anybody</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: when his teeth are so</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHEN MY TEETH ARE *FUCKING WHAT*?!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dude</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: theyre just</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like theyre huge and</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: not always in your mouth</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so like how would a guy get his tongue in
      there</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: TONGUE??????????</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat begins hyperventilating, and
      momentarily forgets his beef with Jade long enough to lean on her
      to prevent himself from toppling over.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: youd have to be really careful to like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean if you were INTENDING to kiss
      karkat</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean its not like ive put any thought into
      this</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but youd have to be so careful like just so
      totally gentle in your approach to it because hes so</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ENOUGH!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: CEASE! I COMMAND YOU!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you know</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like this</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: idk im just spitballing and this is literally
      the first time the thought has like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: EVER popped in my head?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but upon earnest reflection i dunno if im up
      to the task</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: um</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave’s mouth hangs open a bit. His gaze flits
      from Karkat to Jade and back again. His palms are wet, but his
      mouth is dry.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: im not</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i was never</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: were not</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave’s mumbling protest slows to a stop.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: actually ya know what</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i dont have time for this</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: peace dudes</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave ollies the fuck out of there,
      flash-stepping between one second to the next, disappearing thirty
      seconds into the future with the gusto of a piece of garbage flying
      into the fucking sun. Jade stares after him, blinking at the glare
      of the afterimage he left behind. It’s a glimmering slice of
      ultraviolet that only she can see. It lingers in the unstable
      particles between the air.</p>
      <p>She huffs and puts her hands on her hips.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: wow RUDE!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: siiigh. i forget sometimes how immature dave
      can be</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: well karkat i guess its just us.... do you
      still wanna go split a plateau of grub spaghetti at the noodle
      barn?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat, when she turns to address him, is
      staring at her slack-jawed. He takes a step back, but isn’t
      watching where he puts his foot. His heel goes into a dip in the
      hill and he goes stumbling backwards, feet over head.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: AH!! FUCK!!!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: JADE!!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WOULD!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: FUCK! OUCH!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: A LITTLE!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HELP?!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: MAYBE?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: AAUUUUGH!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade could probably catch him. Actually, she
      could easily do it, but it doesn’t seem like the kind of favor you
      should do in a fledgling kismesissitude. So instead she watches him
      roll all the way to the foot of the hill, knees and elbows bouncing
      around all rag-dolled and furious as he swears up a storm. He hits
      the ground back first and just lays there for a few minutes,
      completely owned. He watches the darkening sky with a hollow look
      on his face for at least an entire minute. Then he slowly pulls
      himself to his feet and brushes the brambles off his pants. He
      points up the hill at Jade and shouts.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: FOR THE RECORD</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: JUST SO WE’RE BOTH CLEAR</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THIS IS WHY I HATE LEAVING THE *FUCKING
      HOUSE*!!!!!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He absconds, limping a little and rubbing the
      left side of his ass, which unfortunately for him affords nowhere
      near the level of padding as Jake’s legendary backside. Jade puffs
      out both of her cheeks and stares after him.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: well i guess im eating grub spaghetti
      alone</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: *again*!!!</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>