<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 15</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s15'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 15</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">T</span>he rain is
      coming down in sheets. It rains just seldom enough on this idyllic
      world that most of its inhabitants are conditioned to leave their
      homes without umbrellas, and today they’re paying for it. The press
      clamors at the edges of the funeral procession, getting soaked to
      the bone and/or exoskeleton. John ducks his head away from the
      flash of cameras, still uncomfortable with his position among the
      pallbearers. He didn’t know Dirk that well, but he couldn’t refuse
      a direct request from a grieving bro. He ventures a glance at Dave,
      who is at the front of the line carrying a smaller casket
      containing Dirk’s decapitated head.</p>
      <p>The actual casket is unusually heavy, not just because Jane
      insisted on having it crafted from the finest-quality timber on the
      planet, but also because for some unfathomable reason Dirk is going
      to be buried with every single one of his shitty anime swords. It
      would be absurd were it not so tragic, and possibly also
      predictable. Gamzee fumbles with his corner of the casket when it
      comes time to set it down in the cathedral, upsets the balance of
      the whole thing, and sends it careening down so hard that the nose
      of it crashes right through the stage.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: OoOpS mOtHeRfUcKeRs.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oops???</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its fine gamz</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: accidents happen</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John presses his mouth into a flat line. He
      looks at Dirk’s casket, sitting diagonally in a hole in the floor
      and popped about 13% of the way open. A few shitty swords seem to
      have made a valiant effort to escape, but didn’t quite make it all
      the way. He looks at Dave, who appears even more stoic than usual,
      with his wet hair plastered to his forehead. He looks at Roxy, who
      is staring at the floor, rather beside herself in grief. Then,
      finally, he looks back to Gamzee, who offers two dubiously
      sympathetic “whoops” in response.</p>
      <p>Today is not the day to push it, he thinks to himself. He forces
      a smile, kisses Roxy on the cheek and goes to take his seat in the
      front row of the pews. At the back of the nave, devastated fans of
      <em>RUMBLE IN DA PUMPKIN PATCH</em> are trying to force their way
      inside, past the barrier of reporters. Jane drags Jake off by the
      wrist to deal with them as Roxy approaches the pulpit, looking
      miserably ghostlike in her violet mourning clothes.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: um</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hey thx everyone for joining me today</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She folds her hands in front of her. Her
      earrings light up as the reporters at the back take about six
      million pictures of her tear-stained face. She sniffs, then hocks
      back a whole mouthful of snot. The sound is very much in contrast
      with the delicate, feminine manner with which she tugs a tissue out
      of her modest cleavage in order to dab at her eyes.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: wow now that im up here its like</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: idk</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i have no idea what to say</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Of course she doesn’t. Dirk was her first BFF,
      her first love, and at one time, the only other human being left on
      Earth. She rolls the wet tissue between her fingers.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and i guess thats cuz there IS nothing to
      say</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: theres no words to describe how i felt about
      dirk strider</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and even tho he left a note that had hella
      words in it</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: they might as well have been sayin
      nothing</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: which is just like dirk i guess</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: to leave us with a load of bullshit and no
      idea why he did what he did</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: so im just gonna say that</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: im glad that he was in my life</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and give it over to someone whos way more
      eloquent than me</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave gets to his feet, unwinding his fingers
      from Jade’s. He walks to the pulpit with his usual smoothness but
      pauses beneath the giant stained glass window to run the heel of
      his palm under his shades. The camera bulbs start clacking away
      like crazy. John whirls around in his seat to glare at the
      reporters, putting a finger to his mouth to shoosh them. He watches
      a tiny, white-carapaced chess guy sheepishly press the flash button
      on his camera as quietly as possible.</p>
      <p>It takes Dave a moment to gather himself when he reaches the
      lectern, but when he speaks his voice is steady and even.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hey guys</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wanna apologize in advance cuz this is about
      to get a lil real</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: realer than that three quarters of a corpse
      im standing about two feet from right now</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean i totally hate to ruin everyones mood
      on a day where weve gathered to think deep thoughts about how one
      of us just went and fucking offed themselves</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: not like were gonna be stumbling through our
      lives constantly experiencing intrusive thoughts about this
      specific event or anything</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hey remember what our good pal dirk looked
      like with no head</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: p hard to forget since getting decapitated
      was like his third favorite hobby</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so its not so much the body thats the problem
      but the sorta</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: existential realization of finality i
      guess</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: though i aint gonna lie the bodys starting to
      stink</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: sorry all that shit i just said was a load of
      absolute bull meant to deflect from the fact that im pretty shook
      about this</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i used to do that a lot</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like basically every time i opened my
      mouth</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: most of you know this but i had a kinda
      shitty childhood</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: not gonna go into details but</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: long story short it was technically my good
      ol bro-dad heres fault</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: not this specific version of him</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the one i grew up with was a</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: a</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: he was</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave hesitates. His voice might be cracking,
      but it’s subtle.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: he was just an absolute bastard no offense to
      the dead</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah ok sure he taught me a ton of shit that
      if were being generous was in theory useful</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but he didnt give a single solitary shit
      about raising a well adjusted kid</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: or</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: raising a kid in general</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i was more like his disciple</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and all that mattered was his grand design or
      wtf ever</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and i know dirk struggled with</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you know</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the idea that he could eventually become that
      kind of person</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: or even worse that he was somehow cosmically
      fated to become that person no matter what he wanted or did to
      prevent it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats prolly how he managed to off himself in
      the first place considering how the mechanics of god tier works</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: maybe hed been struggling with that the whole
      time weve been here on earth c</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: who knows with him</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: he was always so inside his own head i cant
      even imagine what insane train of thought led him to decide that
      this was his only option</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but i dont think hed want us beating
      ourselves up about it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: or torturing ourselves trying to figure out
      what it fucking meant</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: esp jake jane and roxy</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: he loved you guys and wouldnt do anything to
      hurt you</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: well not intentionally i mean</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anyway all that shit about my bro</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: im over that</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like as much as you can get over it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: theres a subconscious response to certain
      stimuli you cant exactly rewire</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but the conscious part of my brain is all
      like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: shit dude</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i feel great</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wtf is hypervigilance??</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i love being alive and having all these
      friends who care about me and dont beat the shit out of me every
      day of my life</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: etc</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and part of thats cause i got to be friends
      with dirk</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: it was great getting to know this rad version
      of my childhood guardian who wasnt completely batshit insane</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and like just chill with him</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: shoot the shit and freestyle or debate dumb
      crap without it being a federal fucking issue</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and more than that he treated me like i was
      on the level with him</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: he let me give him shit for being a
      pretentious blowhard every day of his life</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: which i did</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but despite that i</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i looked up to him</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the way i always felt like i should have been
      looking up to my bro</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the way i WANTED to look up to my bro but
      couldnt</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dirk taught me so much shit i didnt know i
      needed from him</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean picking up dirks opinions was
      unavoidable if you ever hung out with him considering he never shut
      his fucking mouth</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but im glad he didnt</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: he taught me about combat</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: philosophy</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: life</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and im sure had he not killed himself the
      literal day i was finally gonna ask him romantic advice</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: he wouldve taught me about love too</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so in the end</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i really got no idea how the fuck im supposed
      to feel right now</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but thats probably ok right</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like its ok</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: to not know how to feel when someone dies</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its ok to not have all the answers</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i wish dirk were still alive so i could tell
      him that</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but hes not</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave takes a deep, shuddering breath and
      actually takes off his shades to wipe away the tears that are
      pooling on his eyelashes.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i guess thats all i got to say about that</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake is openly weeping by the time the speech
      is over, his face buried in Jane’s breasts. She’s remarkably
      composed—looking more irritated than anything that her gentleman
      companion is getting snot all over her attractively tailored power
      suit. Dave leaves the stage, face turned away from the glare of the
      camera lights, and Roxy takes her place at the pulpit once
      again.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: anyone else have a eulogy theyd like to
      give</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i think the best way we can honor dirks
      memory at this point</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: is to spew an untold number of words into the
      void</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: as many as we fuckin can</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose—who had been staring off into space with
      a peculiar expression on her face during Dave’s speech—snaps to
      attention. She brushes Kanaya’s hand off her lap and goes to stand,
      but is interrupted by the horrible, squelching sound of Gamzee
      lumbering to his feet in his wet, oversized boots. He saunters up
      to the pulpit with the precise lazy gait of one who’s grown far too
      comfortable with a lifelong tendency of unwittingly inspiring
      others’ contempt, and braces his arms on either side of the
      lectern. If inside this church there were an adjacent room full of
      wet dogs eating garbage, everyone in attendance would run to that
      room immediately to escape the stench emanating from this smiling
      clown. Suddenly, his expression distorts, to become something which
      can only be described as a leer.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: WhAt’S uP oN tHiS mOsT rIgHtEoUs AnD
      fRoWnY Of DaYs My BiTcHeS. :’o(</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OH MY GOD</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: NO ONE WANTS TO HEAR ANYTHING YOU HAVE TO
      SAY, GAMZEE.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: HaHaHaHa YoU sTiLl GoT iT bRoThEr.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: mY mOtHeRfUcKeR oF cOmEdY’s In ThA
      pRaYbLoCk! ThAt MiRtHfUl NoIsE yOu HoLlEr StIlL sLaPs My MaNg.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IT’S NOT A FUCKING JOKE.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Gamzee clears his throat quite loudly and
      abruptly, sending ear-shattering echoes throughout the church. It
      sounds like someone just threw a toilet in a woodchipper.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: NiNjAs AnD gEnTlEhOeS!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: We GaThEr Up At ThIs ShRiNe Of WoRsHiP tO
      wHaTeVeR fAlSe IdOlS oR mEsSiAhS tHeSe HoMiEs GeT tHeIr DeVoTiOn On
      FoR.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: BuT tHaT’s Ok, BeCaUsE wE’rE mOtHeRfUcKiN
      uNiFiEd ToDaY, nO mAtTeR wHaT oUr BaD aNd DiFfErEnT bElIeFs SaY aT
      uS tO oUr PiEtY pAnS.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: We CoMe In CeLeBrAtIoN oF tHe LiFe!
      :o)</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: aNd DeAtH. :o(</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: Of ThE oNe AnD oNlY, a TrUlY cHoIcE pIeCe
      Of MaN-bItCh WhAt WhOm I hArDlY eVeR kNeW:</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: tHe DiRkStEr.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: ThEn, YoU mIgHt Be Up AnD wOnDeRiNg, WhAt
      PlAcE hAvE i GoT aLl OrAtInG oN tHe SuBjEcT oF tHe LeGeNd Of ThIs
      FiNe FeLlOw?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: tHaT’s A gOoD qUeStIoN mY mIrThFuL
      bRoThErS.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: i MaY nOt Be AlL uP aNd LeArNeD aBoUt HiS
      lIfE, bUt I’vE gOt DeEp SpIrItAl CoNnEcTiOnS tO hIs DeAtH.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: It JuSt So HaPpEnEd ThAt FaTe BrOuGhT mE
      tO hIs DoOrStEp On ThE vErY dAy ThAt He WeNt AnD mOtHeRfUcKiNg
      ChOkEd It OfF aT tHe NeCk.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: oNe Of ThE mOsT sPiRiTuAlLy AwAkEnInG
      mOmEnTs In My LiFe...</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: In SuCh A sHoRt TiMe He TaUgHt Me So
      MuCh.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: ThIs WaS nO cOiNcIdEnCe. It WaS a HiGhEr
      PoWeR gUiDiNg My PaTh.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: tHeSe PoWeRs MaDe SuRe ThAt I wOuLd Be
      ThErE, tO rEcEiVe A gReAt WaRrIoR’s FiNaL mEsSaGe, AnD rElAy It To
      YoU oN tHiS dArK aNd DrEaRy DaY oF dEaTh.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: HoNk!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The clown thrusts his hand somewhere beneath
      the waistband of his pants and starts obscenely rooting around. He
      retrieves a piece of paper, crumpled and soaked from the rain
      outside, and attempts to smooth it out over the lectern. The wet
      paper breaks apart immediately beneath his oafish clown paws.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: AwWw, ShIzZ. i GuEsS i’Ve GoT tO uP aNd
      WiNg It!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dirk’s close friends in the audience look on
      with anxious anticipation, eager to hear whatever important message
      Dirk had apparently handed down to Gamzee to be passed on. John
      can’t seem to find that optimism himself.</p>
      <p>Gamzee draws a big, fat breath, and begins his speech.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: YoU eVeR wAkE uP aNd SiT dOwN tO dRoP a
      FaT oNe In ThE lOaD gApEr, BuT yOuR fLeSh BoDy JuSt AiN’t ReAdY tO
      gO aNd DoOk It OuT yEt?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The clown’s words hang heavily in the air. He
      scans the crowd, silent for a uncomfortable while, as if his
      question weren’t rhetorical and he were expecting an answer that
      will never come.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: tHaT’s WhAt LiFe WaS lIkE fOr ThE
      d-MaN.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: A mAn BoRn WiTh A pUrPoSe. A pLaN.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: bUt ThE wIcKeD wAyS oF tHiS wOrLd StOlE
      tHaT aWaY fRoM hIm...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">It goes on like this for some time. Members of
      the audience ride out the clown’s eulogy with an admirable sense of
      grit and determination, though visibly reacting with full body
      spasms every time the preacher issues another punctuating honk or
      deeply inappropriate turn of phrase. Karkat continues heckling him
      all throughout, and at one point delivers no less than thirty
      uninterrupted instances of the phrase “FUCK YOU.” Throughout most
      of the eulogy, Roxy continues attempting to urge others to settle
      down and give him a chance, based on the many endorsements she’s
      heard of his spiritual oration skills. But even she gives up on
      this effort when one especially boisterous honk results in Gamzee
      knocking over the lectern entirely, which he does not bother to
      pick up. Instead, he proceeds with his eulogy as if nothing
      happened, while openly scratching an itch beneath his codpiece.</p>
      <p>At this point, Dave has had enough, and exits the church. Karkat
      follows him. Gamzee inhales deeply, preparing to launch into what
      quite possibly will be the full body of his speech, rather than one
      or two mercifully concluding remarks. Roxy stands up and begins
      clapping loudly to bring a heroic end to the elocutionary horror
      show.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: WOW WASNT THAT GREAT FOLKS!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: WOW JUST WOW I KNEW THIS GUY WOULDNT LET US
      DOWN</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: BRAVO!!! DAMN I FEEL LIKE IF I NEVER HEARD
      ANOTHER WORD THIS GUY EVER SAID THATD BE FINE BECAUSE THAT WAS ALL
      JUST SO *PERFECT*</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ANYTHING MORE WOULD ONLY DAMPEN THIS PERFECT
      MEMORY HE GAVE US!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: TAKE A BOW GAMZEE AND THEN OH YEAH THE EXITS
      THAT WAY!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: hOoOoOoOoOnK.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She nudges Jake.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: (hey dude can u get up there and say somethin
      as like...)</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: (a palate cleanser?)</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Gulp! Uh...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: (he was your best bro! come on man surely u
      got somethin in ur heart to say)</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Oh... Okay.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hay everybody its jakes turn!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hes got a few words hed like to say about our
      dear departed buddy</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: (oh for fuck’s sake.)</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John mutters a few imprecations under his
      breath and gets up before Jake can take the stage. He’s concerned
      about Dave and heads for the exit, beating Gamzee there easily.
      Gamzee’s strolling so leisurely, in fact, he’s barely even made it
      off the stage yet.</p>
      <p>John pushes out into the churchyard. The rain has receded into a
      light drizzle, which is nice. Much less like being being trapped in
      a high-pressure shower and more like being sprayed with a plant
      mister. He looks around the largely decorative graveyard and spots
      Dave and Karkat huddled together beneath an eave of the churchyard
      walls. John begins to move towards them but stops when he notices
      how close together they’re standing. Dave’s got his suit jacket
      unbuttoned and pulled over Karkat’s head to shield him from the
      rain. Karkat’s the one talking—his caterpillar eyebrows furrowed,
      but his gaze soft. Whatever he’s saying makes Dave turn his face
      away, but Karkat winds a hand in his shirt and tugs him in, forces
      him to make eye contact. They both go still, seeming to finally
      realize how close their faces have gotten, how Karkat’s fingers are
      brushing down the length of Dave’s torso. Dave dips down so that
      their noses are bumping. Karkat’s eyes are so wide it’s amazing
      they don’t pop out. For a moment, it looks like they’re going
      to...</p>
      <p>John sneezes.</p>
      <p>Dave and Karkat jump apart like opposing magnets.</p>
      <p>Oops.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: uhh, hi guys!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John waves dopily and hopes that he doesn’t
      look as buffoonish and mortified as he feels. Dave and Karkat are
      still staring at each other from the corners of their eyes, warily.
      Something silent and tense passes between them.</p>
      <p>They make a quick recovery.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hey</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I SEE THAT EVEN YOU COULDN’T BEAR
      GAMZEE’S ASININE, BRUTAL AND 100% NONCONSENSUAL ASSAULT ON YOUR
      LISTEN CRATERS, AND ALSO THE BASIC DECENCY WHICH SAPIENT BEINGS
      APPARENTLY OWE TO ONE ANOTHER ON THIS PLANET.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, um, actually i listened to the entire
      thing.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i have no idea why i did that. now i have
      this whole memory in my head that i could have definitely lived
      without.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i was just worried... because you didn’t come
      back.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: dave, are you ok?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave glances at Karkat again. He... smiles.
      It’s a sad smile, but it’s there.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: well no</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but its ok to not be ok about this specific
      thing i think</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so for once i think im having like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: a totally unironically normal emotional
      reaction to a thing</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: which loops around back to being ok</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: in fact im probs the okayest ive ever been
      objectively</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: are you SURE?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT WAS HALF A HUNDRED WORDS TO EXPRESS
      A THREE LETTER SENTIMENT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I’D SAY HE’S DOING FINE.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: hmm.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: because i was thinking...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John chews the inside of his mouth and blinks
      down at his hands. Now that he’s paused to think a little, what
      he’s about to offer is a pretty weird way to console a friend after
      the death of a loved one.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: do you... want me to go back?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave quirks an eyebrow.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: go</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: back??</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: with my retcon powers.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i could go back and stop him.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dude</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave says at the same time that Karkat
      shouts:</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: JOHN!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: DO YOU NOT HAVE AN INCH OF GODDAMN SENSE
      IN THAT THICK FUCKING SKULL OF YOURS?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what!!!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: john</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: come on what are my powers</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ummm... time travel?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so you dont think i wouldve already done that
      if i thought it was a good idea</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well ok yeah, obviously.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but if you DID do it we wouldn’t even know
      right now because it would’ve just made a new timeline where dirk
      didn’t kill himself. that’s how time travel works, right?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ehhh well actually</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave makes a wavy hand gesture that implies
      he’s about to jump into a rant about causality or whatever. John
      cuts him off.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: but!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: if i retcon it...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: then it’s like it never even happened!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: we wouldn’t have had this horrible funeral at
      all.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i dunno dude thats</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: a little fucked up actually</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you think so?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dirk was a complicated guy</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dude obviously had reasons for doing what he
      did</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: if you go back and just rewrite his
      decision</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats like denying him his personal
      autonomy</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: huh. i... didn’t think about it that way.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John frowns. Dave opens his mouth to say
      something else, but he’s cut off by Jade poking her head out of the
      church window.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: dave!!! roxys wondering where you are</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh yeah be right there</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: what about you karkat? you coming??</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YES! GOD!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: CAN’T A MAN STAND ON A MOIST AND DREARY
      PIECE OF RELIGIOUS PROPERTY TO HELP CONSOLE HIS MAIN BRO?!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: JESUS FUCK, GOD FORBID WE UPSET THE
      CAREFULLY ORCHESTRATED FUNERAL PROGRAMMING WHICH JUST FEATURED A
      SEGMENT WHEREIN A DEEPLY UNPOPULAR CLOWN PISSED HIMSELF IN FRONT OF
      THE CLAMORING PAPARAZZI!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh lord... you dumb baby</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: karkat it looks to ME like youre the one
      third wheeling dave and johns poignant brotimes</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: so why dont you get your butt on over
      here???</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ARGH... FINE!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat stomps back toward the church,
      bickering with Jade his way across the graveyard. Dave adjusts his
      shades and puts a hand on John’s shoulder.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: john</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i get what you were trying to do</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its ok dude</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: im ok</p>
      </div>
      <p>John nods, swallowing hard. His throat is dry all of a sudden.
      Dave turns and walks back into the church. Once John is absolutely
      sure Dave is gone, he closes his eyes, breathes in deep through the
      nose and raises both his hands.</p>
      <p>Nothing happens.</p>
      <p>John cracks one eye open. It’s been a while since he’s tried to
      do... well, anything more complicated than going out for dinner to
      be honest. Has he just forgotten how to invoke his game powers?</p>
      <p>Do the windy thing, he thinks to himself. A brisk breeze howls
      through the graveyard, rustling some leaves off a nearby tree.</p>
      <p>Nope, that’s all good.</p>
      <p>Do the... retcon thing? He thinks much, much harder than he
      thought about doing the last thing.</p>
      <p>Still nothing.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s weird...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it was working just the other day.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He stares at his hands so hard that his head
      starts to hurt. So hard that he doesn’t hear the footsteps sloshing
      through the wet grass behind him. When Roxy taps him on the
      shoulder he yelps and shoots six feet up into the air.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lmao john its just me</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John spins around to greet her. He hides his
      hands behind his back like he was doing something bad with them.
      Which he guesses he was, kind of. Roxy shields her eyes against the
      rain and laughs.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: doin ok up there b?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m fine!!!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wait. b?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John lands softly, close enough to Roxy that
      she can slide a hand up his arm.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yea like short for babe</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: cuz ur my babe b</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, haha. right.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John feels himself flush and runs an awkward
      hand through his hair. He’s still a little embarrassed to show
      affection in public places like this. He slips a hand into the
      small of Roxy’s back and feels a pang of guilt about what he saw
      transpire between Dave and Karkat earlier.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: is dave ok?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, i guess.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: are YOU okay?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yea</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Her gaze gets distant as she stares at
      something over John’s shoulder. Whatever she’s thinking about, it
      tugs a soft smile across her face.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yea</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: actually</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: im more than ok</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: cause ive been thinking</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Roxy starts dancing her fingers up John’s
      chest.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: about you n me</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and this</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She bops him on the nose.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hey john</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: we should get hitched</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ummmmmm...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John stares at where Roxy’s finger is still
      pressing down on his nose and goes a little cross-eyed as his brain
      tries to process what she just said.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: um...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...what???</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: um what WHAT?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: john cmon</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: marry me</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John looks around the graveyard nervously.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: right NOW?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lmao totes</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: were already at the church n everything</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: o-oh my god.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh my god!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: john</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh my god, are you serious??</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Roxy starts laughing so hard she has to wipe
      away a tear. She leans in to give John a quick, chaste kiss on the
      lips.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: no LOL</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: john u take everything so literally</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its fuckin adorbs</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: is that... why you want to marry me?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yea</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: im off the charts with all my jokes n
      shit</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and i gotta even all that out</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: with this like HUGE helping of clueless nerd
      :)</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: roxy...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ok but lets be serious here moment</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i actually do love that youre so earnest</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its cute as fuck and also</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i always know where i stand with you</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: roxy...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: sides this whole</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: THING with dirk</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its made me realize that even though were
      immortal</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: were not necessarily gonna live forever</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lifes too short not to spend every moment
      with the one u love</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">That word hits John like a suckerpunch to the
      gut. He goes breathless with shock; adrenaline pumping through him,
      his blood rushing in his ears. When he speaks, his voice is
      hoarse.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: you...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: LOVE me??</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yea john i love you</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: wanna marry u and spend the rest of my life
      with u and pop out a bunch of cute lil buck toothed babies with
      you</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, uh. haha, wow. roxy that’s um.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s a LOT.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: well you dont gotta answer rn</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: just know its on the table</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He doesn’t know what to think. He so doesn’t
      know what to think that he’s spiraling inside his head, shaking all
      over, damp with sweat. Something about this doesn’t feel... right?
      Just a few weeks ago, Roxy was happy with Calliope, and now she
      wants to have his babies? John feels like he’s missing something
      important here, like he went for a bathroom break during the part
      of the movie where the plot twist happens. He should give Roxy some
      time, get himself some space. It’s all happened so fast that it’s
      suffocating.</p>
      <p>On the other hand...</p>
      <p>...on the other hand, isn’t that how love’s supposed to feel?
      Like a quick plunge into cold water, a feeling that grows
      unexamined, and then gets so big that the realization washes over
      you like a wave? Roxy’s unbearably beautiful with moisture clinging
      to her eyelashes and a smile that she’s only smiling because of how
      much she likes him. She likes him so much that she wants to be
      around him every single day! John’s stomach feels like it’s doing
      pirouettes. His hands come up around Roxy’s shoulders, and keep
      going until he’s cupping her face in both hands. He starts
      giggling.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok, let’s... let’s do it!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Roxy waggles her eyebrows.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ooo u want to do it??</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: er... i mean...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um, yeah. that too.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but i meant...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: about the getting married thing.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: let’s... do that!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: let’s totally get married!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Roxy practically attacks John’s mouth, she’s
      so excited. John shuts his eyes and kisses her back, still giddy
      and laughing against her lips. She kisses him until they’re both
      breathless, then pulls back so that she can gaze at him with
      glittering eyes.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: omg</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: were gonna be SO freakin happy!</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>