<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 30</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s30'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 30</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">A</span>s Jake
      traverses the length of Jane’s ship, he suspects he has never
      carried more dread in his heart than he does in this moment.</p>
      <p>The burden of the call he just received weighs so heavily upon
      him that it’s a struggle to propel himself each step forward. He
      wishes that someone else had gotten the news, but there’s nothing
      that can be done. He has to be there for his wife, even if he knows
      saying what he needs to say will be hard for both of them.</p>
      <p>The doors to the ship’s bridge slide open to permit him entry
      when he approaches. Jane is standing by the navigational stations,
      engaged in some sort of confabulation of doubtlessly critical
      importance with her eternal shadow, Gamzee Makara. Jake’s already
      miserable mood drops further at the sight of him—no matter how long
      this arrangement carries on, it never seems to get easier to
      stomach.</p>
      <p>Jane is dressed to the nines in her signature blazing-red power
      suit, her freshly polished designer pumps glinting in the varied
      lights of the Crockercorp ship command controls. The full entourage
      of the Crocker conglomerate is fast en route to a business
      conference that Jane insists is of the “utmost importance” to the
      impending negotiation of an array of paramilitary contracts with
      the government, and she would be the first to tell you that looking
      your best is one of the most critical parts of arbitration.</p>
      <p>She doesn’t immediately acknowledge Jake’s presence when he
      approaches. He has to conspicuously clear his throat before Jane
      turns her attention away from Gamzee, and even then she only
      dignifies Jake’s appearance with a fleeting glance.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Do you need something?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Well... i have some terrible news i’m
      afraid.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: What is it, Jake? I’m rather occupied at the
      moment.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Im awfully sorry to bother you but its very
      important dear.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Is something the matter with Tavros?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: No... eh heh you might want to come with me
      to our quarters for this one.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: ...As I said, I’m a bit busy right now.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: W-well I just thought. Maybe its best if you
      s-sit down for this one. My dear.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: My delectable honey bunches of oats.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: The jolly ole capn of my crunch.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: M-m-my lovely wife whom i love so much.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane’s face twists in annoyance. She is quite
      a bit shorter than Jake now, but the way she looks down on him
      makes her seem like she towers ten feet above him.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: My <em>goodness</em>, Jake! What do you want?
      Can’t you see I’m right in the middle of something?! Just spit it
      out already!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The whole bridge goes quiet at Jane’s
      outburst. Everyone has stopped in the midst of their tasks to stare
      nervously at the altercation. The only other sound that penetrates
      the silence is Gamzee noisily slurping on the rubber nipple of his
      baby bottle.</p>
      <p>Jake swallows like he’s in a cartoon. It’s a big, loud gulp. A
      sound that instantly rachets up Jane’s annoyance—like most of
      Jake’s actions seem to, these days.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Well you see...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I guess ill come right out and say it
      then.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I just got news that your father has passed
      jane. Im so sorry.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">At first the words don’t quite register. Jane
      expected this, like all interactions with Jake, to be a meaningless
      waste of her time. Initially she gives a dismissive nod, like she’s
      taking in some trivial piece of information. And then the weight of
      the statement strikes her, sending a jolt of shock through her
      chest.</p>
      <p>It passes quickly, though. She’d almost forgotten.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: An unfortunate incident, but it’s no
      matter.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I’ll simply revive him, and then make sure
      he’s assigned a security detail.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Have his body brought here as quickly as
      possible.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Im afraid that wont be possible honey.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Theres no body for you to revive at all.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane’s eyes widen in disbelief.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: What?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: What... what happened?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: It... word from the secret service is that it
      was one of karkats assassins.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: The target was the human president.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: He uhhh. Your father that is...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: He jumped in the way and took the shot.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: The president is safe.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Your dad saved his life.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I don’t understand.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: What happened to his body?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Did Karkat’s rebels abduct him?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Er... no.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: The shot he took was from the barrel of a
      rocket launcher.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Im afraid the assault blew him straight to
      bits. Theres hardly anything left...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: W... what...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Luckily the president was barely harmed as
      your old man took the full brunt.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: As far as i know the only harm to him was
      having his full lustrous mustache burned clean off his face.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Its... its a friggin tragedy... :’(</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: (Sniffle.)</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake’s gaze falls to the floor. Jane’s hand
      clutches at the front of her suit in an unsteady fist.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: P... please tell me you’re joking.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Jake, tell me this is just a prank.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Im... im afraid not jane.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Im so sorry.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane whips around, tears in her eyes. The
      whole bridge is holding its breath. She feels every eye on her
      then, the pressure to hold it together. She can’t show weakness
      now. She’s come so far.</p>
      <p>Jane sniffles and swipes at her eyes with the back of her hand.
      She won’t cry. But she can be angry instead.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: UGH!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: That... that fool!!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I can’t believe that he would do this!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: How could he do this to me!?!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Janey...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: The human president could be anyone!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: My dad can’t be anyone but him!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake isn’t sure this is the right or smart
      thing to do, but he chances it: he steps forward to place a
      comforting hand on Jane’s shoulder. When she doesn’t immediately
      tear herself away, he tentatively—and slowly, like he’s approaching
      a wounded animal—pulls her into a hug.</p>
      <p>Jane is too dazed to protest. She limply stares past Jake, eyes
      unfocused.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: I don’t... no...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Shhhh. Shhhh. Everythings going to be ok.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: God. I can’t believe he...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Oh, but of course I can.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: He’s always been...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Always been so infuriatingly good.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: God, how stupid.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: This is so stupid. I’m so stupid. How could I
      put him in such a dangerous position?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Chief of staff?! Anyone could have done that
      job! Why did I tell him to... my own father... I—</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Shhh. Janey. You did nothing wrong.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Nothing wrong at all.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: You never have.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I love you jane. We all do.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I-isnt that right gamzee?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: yEaH mAnG :o)</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: We AlL aNd GoT pLeNtY oF lOvE uP iN tHiS
      bItCh FoR tHe BiG jUiCy j-C!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Gamzee turns to the bridge crew and gestures
      magnificently with his arms. Rivulets of milk are running down his
      chin.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: hOnK iF yOu LoVe ThIs BiG tItTy
      BiZzNaTcH!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: WhOoP wHoOp!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">A petrified pall falls across the bridge as
      the crew tries to figure out whether they’re supposed to take this
      seriously or not. The comms officer shares a look with the
      engineer. The conning officer looks like she’s about to shit her
      pants. And then they turn to the most pitiable stooge of them all
      for answers.</p>
      <p>Jake’s eyebrows shoot up to his hairline and he nods urgently
      over Jane’s shoulder to indicate that, yes, they should definitely
      do it. At once, the bridge crew gives a unanimous honk.</p>
      <p>Jane sniffs and pulls away out of Jake’s embrace. She turns back
      to the bridge and takes a forward step, stumbling slightly in her
      heels. But she catches her balance, fixes her posture, and slips
      back on a stony mask.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: All right.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Jake! Get the president on the phone.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: It’s clear to me now that it’s past time for
      the military to strike, and I’ll be giving that man a real piece of
      my mind until an appropriate counterattack is in motion.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Obviously, the government’s attempts to be
      gracious with the troll ilk have been naive and foolish.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: These rats cannot be negotiated with. They
      cannot be swayed by reason or appeals to peace and civility.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: The only thing that they want—the only thing
      that they have ever wanted since the ungodly inception of their
      disgusting, verminous species—is bloodshed.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: And if that is what they truly desire...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Well, far be it from us to deny them.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: J-ja—</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Not another word!!!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Are you sure this isnt a mis—</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: THE TIME TO ACT IS NOW!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: THEY WILL PAY FOR WHAT THEY’VE DONE!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: EVERY LAST FUCKING ONE OF THEM!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I HAVE HAD ENOUGH! THIS IS THE END OF THE
      LINE!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane is blazing with fury. She marches to the
      center of the bridge.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: ALL OF YOU, RETURN TO YOUR STATIONS! WE ARE
      CHANGING COURSE!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: WE WILL BE GOING DIRECTLY TO MEET WITH THE
      PRESIDENT, AND I WILL NOT REST UNTIL HE GIVES THE COMMAND TO CRUSH
      THIS FUCKING REBELLION AND DESTROY ANY CHANCE THAT THEY MIGHT EVER
      RESIST AGAIN!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The bridge crew doesn’t even think to defy
      Jane’s orders. They return to their stations, dutiful. The
      navigator adjusts the ship’s destination coordinates, and the comms
      officer opens a line with the government’s seat of command. Only
      one man in the room is brave enough to take a stand.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: hEy.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: Do YoU tHiNk ThAt MiGhT bE a BiT
      mOtHeRfUcKinG xEnOpHoBiC?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane spins on her heel like a whirlwind, her
      face twisted into a hideous snarl. She rounds on Gamzee with all
      the hatred she can muster.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: XENOPHOBIC?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I am not fucking xenophobic!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: i’M jUsT sAyInG mY mOsT bOdAcIoUs Of
      BaBeS.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: WhAt YoU’rE lAyInG dOwN hErE iS sOuNdInG
      wIcKeD bItCh GeNoCiDaL.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: What the fuck are you talking about?!?!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I am not, and have never been, a fucking
      xenophobe!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: yEa BuT lIsTeN.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: KiLlInG aLl ThE tRoLlS...</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: tHaT wOuLd Be BaD yOu FeEl Me?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: I’m A tRoLl ReMeMbEr.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: mAyBe YoU sHoUlD tAkE a MiN aNd ChIlL a
      BiT, lIl MiNt ChOcO cHiP. hOnK.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Shut the fuck up!!!!!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You fucking insects just assassinated my
      father!!!!!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: HeH hEh. YoU’rE cUtE wHeN yOu’Re MaD, mY
      tAsTy LiTtLe SnAcCuCcInO :o)</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">And then Gamzee seals his fate. He reaches out
      with his finger and boops Jane right on her little nose. Honk!</p>
      <p>Jake audibly gasps at the sight—but Jane does not have any sort
      of violent outburst of anger. Instead, she goes completely, icily
      silent.</p>
      <p>Gamzee smiles vacantly down at Jane, unaware of his misstep.
      When Jane next speaks, it is in a controlled, steady voice.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Security.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Escort this troll off of my ship. Now.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The security personnel aboard the bridge do
      not hesitate to follow the command. They descend on Gamzee in a
      swarm, grabbing him by his arms. The baby bottle tumbles out of his
      grasp, busting open when it falls. The remaining milk spills out,
      pooling in the recessed lighting of the floor.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: wHoA wHoA wHoA, hOlD uP!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: YoU cAn’T jUsT gO aNd ThRoW mE oFf BoArD,
      mY mIlKy MaMi.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Oh, but I can!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Just watch me.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The security officers begin to pull Gamzee
      away, but he makes one final desperate play.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: wAiT!! jUsT hEaR mE oUt!!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: What?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: iF yOu ThRoW mE oUt I’lL bE aLl LoSt AnD
      sHiT, bAbE. yOu KnOw I bE nEeDiNg YoU.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: What? You think appealing to me with your
      disgusting little addiction is going to sway me?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: That’s the funniest joke you’ve ever told,
      clown.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: iT’s NoT aBoUt ThE mIlK, bOo.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: It’S aBoUt YoU.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane stops.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: What...?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: i NeEd YoU...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Are you saying that y—</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: I’vE gOnE aNd ToLd YoU AlL aBoUt My PaSt
      StRuGgLeS wItH tHe WiCkEd GrEeN sUbStAnCeS.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: i DoNe GoNe AnD mAdE sO mUcH pRoGgReSs,
      FiNdInG nEw HeAlThY wAyS tO cOpE wItH tHe VoIcEs AnD rEdEeM
      mYsElF.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: AnD yOu’Ve BeEn MoRe Of A hElP tO mE tHaN
      aNyBoDy. MoRe ThAn AnYtHiNg.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: yOu KnOw WiTh ThE NiGhTmArEs I cAn’T
      sLeEp WiThOuT hOlDiNg On To A mOtHeRfUcKeR!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane sneers. She has no idea why she thought
      for even a moment that he might have meant anything else.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: I am so...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Ugh. Forget it.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You are despicable.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: yOu CaN’t JuSt Go AnD cUt A bRoThEr
      OfF!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: LeT’s AlL uP aNd ThInK tHiS tHrOuGh AlL
      rEaSoNaBlY aNd ShIt.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: i’Ll Do MoThErFuCkInG aNyThInG!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane’s eyes rake up and down Gamzee’s body,
      like she’s carefully considering her response. Her face is
      expressionless when she answers.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Begone, clown.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane turns, and waves the security away. The
      uniformed men drag Gamzee from the bridge. The sound of honks
      reverberate hauntingly through the halls as the wretched jester is
      removed from his seat of power at last.</p>
      <p>In spite of everything, Jake can’t help but be relieved.</p>
      <p>With Gamzee finally disposed of, Jane is invigorated with the
      strength of her own conviction. She spins on her heel and
      confidently strides to the captain’s chair. She engages her
      interface, sits down, and assumes her seat of command.</p>
      <p>The time for mercy is long past. Karkat Vantas must die.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>