<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 11</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s11'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 11</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">D</span>ave grabs
      the sleeve of John’s tux in his sweaty palm, and the two of them
      fly to the top of the nearest tower. John glances at him en route,
      and the look on Dave’s face strikes him as that of a man condemned
      to death.</p>
      <p>The stars stand out along the skyline, so bright in this new
      world that the outline of every constellation is crisp and clear,
      even in the middle of the city.</p>
      <p>Dave cups his hands over his knees and stares straight
      ahead.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yo john what do you think about me and
      karkat</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you two are pretty cute together, i
      guess?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: together</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i need you to be way more specific here</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, ok.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: hmm. i guess i’d have to say that you’re both
      cute individually when you’re with each other, and you make cute
      friends, which is why you’re cute together. something about it just
      works!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i feel like i’m saying cute a lot here.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: for the record, i don’t mean you’re cute as
      an individual. no offense.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: alone, you’re just dave.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but together, yeah. you guys are cute.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: together</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you mean</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like a couple</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave says this so neutrally that John has no
      idea how to read it, despite having years of practice reading
      Dave’s many neutral tones.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: er... yes.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s exactly what i mean.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: why</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: didn’t i just explain it? good friends make
      good partners!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’re similar in all the right ways, and
      different in all the even more right ways.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you two balance each other out and keep each
      other from going off the rails, like when you were kids.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: huh</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you were both kinda... crazy when we were
      kids? again, no offense.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats not what i was saying huh about</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i was saying huh because that sure was a
      coherent egbertian thesis on the state of the davekat situation</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well, i’ve thought about it that way for a
      long time. i think it’s what everyone else thinks too.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i dont know</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: if id been thinking about it that way i
      wouldnt be in the mess im in right now</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’re in a mess?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: theres a metric fucking ton of shit about to
      come down on me because i dragged my heels on doing some serious
      self reflection</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: is this just some more stuff about...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: being gay?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: maybe yeah</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ok definitely yeah</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its 110% about being gay</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i thought you’d already worked all that stuff
      out?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: turns out it takes a long time to figure out
      your sexuality after a childhood filled with repression and
      abuse</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: dave...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean yeah i woke the hell up to my inner
      potential for gayness in a big way</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but then i just kind of pressed the snooze
      button and rolled back over because we kinda had to fight all those
      jacks and also create society</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: holy fucking shit.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: there’s a gay snooze button?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah man theres a gay snooze button</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wow.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: when i was having my gay coolboy awakening it
      wasnt a full no homo but it was at least a quarter no homo</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: if i hadnt done that then instead of talking
      to you about this id be at home right now</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: uh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: kissing karkat probably</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t get this dave. am i your gay
      confessor or something?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you don’t need my blessing to go kiss karkat.
      in fact, i was pretty sure you were already kissing karkat!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: nope</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: in that case, as the lord pope of dave’s
      fully awakened gaydom i give you my blessing to immediately leave
      and rectify that as soon as possible!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: go now my child, and kiss karkat right on the
      lips!!!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ok as much as i appreciate how weird a thing
      that was to say</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its not that simple</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i might not exactly be the expert, but
      kissing seems pretty easy, dave.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m sure it gets more complicated in the
      later stages obviously, but i think you can figure out how to get
      your lips on his without much trouble.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no i mean like</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave makes a couple truly useless hand
      gestures.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: in the greater fabric of our weird incestuous
      social group</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: it might be the wrong move i think</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: how so?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: because</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jade</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John bites his lip. Oh boy. That’s a
      complicated problem all right. He loves his sister, but she’s
      developed a bad habit of sometimes approaching delicate social
      situations with all the grace of an elephant stumbling around in a
      dark room.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: right.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i almost managed to forget that she was
      trying to fuck you and karkat.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave snaps his head around to stare at John in
      shock.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wait you knew about that</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh, yeah?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: did you not?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: of course i knew about it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i was lookin at the whole thing through
      several complicated layers of conscious denial but i knew</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its just that you like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: never leave your house</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well it probably helps that jade literally
      said the words to me... and i may be paraphrasing here, but...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: “hey john, i’m gonna fuck dave and
      karkat!”</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wtf she said that to you</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what did you say</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i dunno, it was a while ago. probably that it
      was a bad idea.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but i thought it was kinda obvious... she’s
      always had a crush on you, dave.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah i know</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He sighs and hangs his head, leaning forward
      with his elbows crossed over his thighs. The angle he’s at gives
      John a good look at his eyes, which are boring a deep, miserable
      hole to the center of the Earth right now.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats why i think that i should</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: give it a try i guess</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: give what a try? dating jade?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and karkat</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh man, dave. i don’t know. that sounds like
      it could really blow up in your face.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah thats why im kinda freaking out right
      now if you didnt notice</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: sorry dude it’s just... do you even like
      jade?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: of course i do shes one of my best
      friends</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no i meant... do you LIKE-like her?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh my god john youre twenty three years old
      can you at least pretend to talk like a grown man</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok dave, god!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: are you IN LOVE with jade?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave doesn’t answer. His silence says a lot,
      John thinks.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...are you in love with karkat?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats a big fucking question</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats the biggest fucking question that ever
      got asked</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its like the paleolithic megafauna of
      questions like its so familiar but your eyes just glaze over it in
      denial because its too fucking big</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: why did megalodon sharks need to have such
      big jaws john</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh... to eat smaller sharks?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ive never been so fucking terrified by a
      question in my entire life</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: seriously my heart is pounding so hard right
      now that i feel like im gonna hurl</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well, doesn’t that answer the question?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: nah because</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: because its not like i feel nothing for
      jade</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: in fact i feel a whole lot of things for
      her</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: too many to just tell her off after all this
      time</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean she spent all those years alone on the
      ship and i know she missed me</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and then davesprite died</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: or turned into fucking davepeta i was never
      clear exactly on what happened there</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and god knows he didnt make any attempt to
      clear the fucking air with her</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but when i think about it neither did i</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so maybe im just a huge asshole whos been
      leading her on for like a whole goddamn decade at this point</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and if i have been dont i owe it to her to at
      least try</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: if that’s your logic dave, then haven’t you
      been leading karkat on too?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: doesn’t he deserve the same chance?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, if you think it’s the kind of
      decision you can lay on another person like this...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: why don’t you just flip a coin?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He tilts his face so that he can give John a
      look. The corner of his lip quirks ambiguously.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: have you been talking to terezi</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: damn i thought she ghosted everyone</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: not me... i guess?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: huh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anyway</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i know you thought that sounded like a
      totally cool thing to say but i dont really think you grasp the
      full metaphysical implications of whatever youre quoting there</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave sits up and leans back on his palms, his
      voice sounding lighter in a subtle, almost ephemeral way now that
      the subject’s changed to something as easy as metaphysics. He
      catches John’s gaze and makes a rolling gesture with his hand,
      miming the way a practiced magician would flick a coin over their
      thumb.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: do you know what a coin flip is</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like universally i mean in the grand scale of
      all this time space infinite string theory bullshit were always
      dealing with</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: of course!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s like when you know that you’ve already
      made a decision you’re reluctant about, and need an outside force
      to show you how you really feel?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no dude thats dumb</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you should know this cause youve done the
      retcon thing</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what does that have to do with flipping
      coins?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ok so every time you flip a coin youre
      creating an alternate timeline right</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: one where it lands heads and one where it
      lands tails</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but while the coin is flipping both
      possibilities exist simultaneously</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but what if you knew for sure that you’d make
      the same decision no matter which side landed up?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you cant</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so... it’s like the coin never lands
      then?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: sure</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: then if you dated *both* jade and karkat it’d
      be like you’re winning the schrodinger’s cat paradox.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: uh yeah thats another theoretical paradox
      that i think you gotta read up on a bit more there buddy</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i probably won’t, but ok.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: fair enough</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but yes metaphysics aside me dating both jade
      and karkat at the same time literally is the issue at hand and it
      is that with which i currently and explicitly struggle</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: sure seems that way.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i dunno, dave.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: this all just... it doesn’t sound *right* to
      me.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John thinks about the speech Rose gave him
      that morning on her couch, about canon veracity and the validity or
      nonvalidity of subjective actions the further they get away from
      the “intended” sequence of events. Something about... pillars? What
      is essential, true, and relevant. He remembers those three words,
      but no other contextual remarks which bind them. That conversation
      seems so very long ago now.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean... it doesn’t sound...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: *canon*?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ugh not you too</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: rose is always going on about canon</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i dont give a fuck about canon</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: then what DO you give a fuck about?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave sighs and runs a hand through his
      hair.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: doing the right thing</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i guess</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: this doesn’t seem hard to me at all,
      dave!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: go home right now and tell karkat how you
      feel.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: look i</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i cant</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: if i did that it would be like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like what, dave? like you would be really
      happy, and karkat would also be really happy?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ugh im not explaining myself right i need
      to</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave staggers uneasily to his feet, staring
      way past John like he’s looking into the infinity of his own soul
      right now. John’s never seen him so scared, and it’s over what
      seems like a pretty easy choice as far as John’s concerned. It sure
      isn’t easy for him, though. John guesses this is what it means to
      be a friend. It means being the guy who understands when easy isn’t
      actually that easy.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i have to... talk to dirk i think</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh, ok?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John wonders when talking to Dirk has fixed
      anything for anyone.</p>
      <p>He’s about to ask what exactly it is he needs to talk to Dirk
      about, but then remembers what he saw when he went back to fetch
      Gamzee’s fridge in the Medium: Dirk and Dave hugging on the edge of
      the roof, sharing something private and mysterious, the sort of
      thing that can only happen between two people whose personalities
      are cracked in the same way. It’s not something John’s ever had, so
      it’s not something he can understand. An uncomfortable silence
      lingers between the two of them. Before John can fill it with some
      stupid words, he hears Roxy calling up to him from below. He pops
      his head over the roof and waves at her.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: what’s up?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yo boys not to interrupt but we got kicked
      outta the restaurant for not ordering</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what? really?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what’s even the point of being famous if that
      can happen?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lmao i know right</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: told u i wasnt classy enough for the
      joint</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i got all these breadsticks tho so we can
      reconvene in the park</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: totes romantic</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ten minutes, what u say</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh, sounds good! i’ll see you there soon!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She grins up at John with shimmering, adoring
      eyes. They’re reflecting every star in the sky, all for him. It
      makes his heart do a weird somersault. It tries to flip frontways,
      then backwards, and ends up landing on its face instead. He’s
      feeling too many contradictory things right now. When he turns to
      look at Dave again, he’s practically translucent. Barely there,
      half out the door emotionally. John feels like he could have done
      more, like this whole conversation was sand running through his
      fingers. It itches at the back of his head, the idea that he might
      have just fucked up Dave’s entire life.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m... sorry i couldn’t help.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: nah dude its not your fault</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave gives him a light bro-punch in the arm
      and tries to smile.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE:enjoy your date</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>