<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 13</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s13'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 13</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">D</span>ave and
      Dirk don’t talk that much about the heavy stuff. They don’t need
      to. Dave can hear his brother’s voice in his head.</p>
      <p>Not, like, literally. That would be insane. But Dave knows what
      his bro is like. Dirk, or a version of him, instilled in Dave a way
      of living and thinking that would, for better or worse, persist far
      beyond the first thirteen years of his upbringing. And even on
      Earth C, it’d be kind of tough to say the dude’s general
      overbearing demeanor wasn’t sufficient to perpetuate the
      conditioning. So it’s rare he has to guess what Dirk would say he
      should do.</p>
      <p>But when it comes to the boondoggle involved with triangulating
      his interpersonal relationships with Jade and Karkat, Dave is
      shooting blanks. He has no idea what to do, no idea what to say,
      and for once, the ghost in his head doesn’t either.</p>
      <p>Once he might have expected the end of the haunting to come as a
      relief. But now that he finally sits quietly in his own mind, with
      nothing but his meager faculties to guide his hand, the silence is
      deafening.</p>
      <p>There’s no time to waste, so he flies directly to his bro’s
      studio. He needs this. He needs his bro to tell him what to do.
      Whatever issues the guy might have, Dave has always been able to
      count on Dirk to give him, as Jake might say, the solid dick.</p>
      <p>Dave knocks on the door, loud, but there’s no answer. Nothing
      when he calls out Dirk’s name either. Then he tries the knob, and
      the door swings right open.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: uh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hey</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: bro</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: are you there?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Still no answer. Dave lets himself in. It’s
      not like his bro would actually mind. They’re family, after
      all.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">Silence throughout the studio. Dave starts
      flitting from room to room, checking for any signs of Dirk.</p>
      <p>This is strange. The guy doesn’t usually go out to do things,
      unless those things are actively being televised.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dude are you like gone i have something i
      really need to talk to you ab–</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave all but jumps out of his skin with a
      shriek when he turns to find the last individual in the world he
      ever expected or wanted to see.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: HoNk.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jesus FUCK</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: HeY wHaTs ShAkInG mY mAn :O)</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: gamzee what the FUCK</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: god i think i shit my pants</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: i’M sOrRy To HeAr ThAt My FiNe
      BrOtHeR.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: gamzee what the fuck are you doing here</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: did you follow me here</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: No MaN. i’Ve BeEn WaItInG fOr YoU.
      hOnK.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh thats so much better</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: why the fuck are you doing that</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: bEcAuSe I’m HeRe To BrInG yOu ThE gOoD
      nEwS.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the news of what???</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: ThE nEwS oF mE, mY mOtHeRfUcKeR.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: i’M hErE tO hElP yOu GeT aLl Up AnD
      rEdEeMeD fRoM yOuR wIcKeD sInS.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: PuT yOu On A rEaL aRc To SaLvAtIoN,
      hOnK.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh my fucking god what fucking sins</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wheres dirk</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: tHeRe’S nO nEeD tO wOrRy AbOuT hIm.
      :o)</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: YoU’rE gOnNa GeT wHaT’s BeSt FoR yOu. He
      ToLd Me ThAt, AnD i’M gOnNa MaKe SuRe HiS wIsH mAkEs LiKe A
      mOtHeRfUcKiNg MiRaClE aNd GeTs TrUe.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: hOnK!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: did i just walk into a horror movie</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: did my bro get fucking axe murdered by a
      clown</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jesus christ</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dont tell me his body is down in the basement
      right now</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: YoU dOn’T gOt AnY nEeD tO gO aNd CoNcErN
      yOuRsElF wItH hIs MoRtAl FlEsH bOdY oUt HeRe In ThIs CaNdYcAnE
      wHiRlPoOl BeYoNd ThE iNfInItE bLaCk WiNk Of ThE wIcKeD sInGuLaRiTy,
      My NiNjA.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: a SaCk Of MeAt AnD bOnEs In OnE lIfE oR
      tHe NeXt Is OnLy A mEaNs To ThE fInAl ToTaLiTy ThAt WiLl DaMn AnD
      rAiSe Us AlL iN bRiLlIaNt ApOtHeOsIs.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: In ThE oNe TrUe LiFe We AlL fLoW fRoM tHe
      OnE tRuE pEn,</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: aNd EvErY hEaD rOlLs DoWn ThE pAtH tO tHe
      OnE tRuE hAnD.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what the fuck did any of that mean are you
      drunk</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: n/m i dont give a shit</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: out of my way pagliacci</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave has had enough of this buffoon. He pushes
      Gamzee aside, and the clown goes absolutely flying into one of
      Dirk’s messy work benches. The vagrant jester ricochets off
      disorganized piles of scrap metal and anime paraphernalia like a
      <em>Tony Hawk</em> jackass clipping and flopping into an unending
      oblivion of pain. The circus ruckus starts a vicious Rube Goldberg
      machine of cartoon physics, knocking every cinder block, crusty
      puppet, and Japanese sword in a tornado’s radius off balance and
      avalanching them catastrophically onto the hapless clown’s
      torso.</p>
      <p>Dave gives only a second glance to the ludicrous pandemonium. He
      blows open the door to the stairwell and heads down, bracing
      himself for the worst. But he doesn’t find Dirk in the basement
      either.</p>
      <p>The only thing of note is a slumped figure in the center of the
      storage room, covered in a thin sheet. Dave approaches and rips it
      off to discover... Wait. What is this?</p>
      <p>It’s obviously a robot, but it’s a complete mess. The form is
      feminine, but the head is still bald, and the face has no cover,
      revealing its skull-like interior. The body doesn’t have any proper
      protective plating yet, so it’s all a mess of wires and loose
      mechanical bits. Clearly a work in progress. But Dave can’t help
      but wonder what exactly it is that Dirk’s been working on here?</p>
      <p>Then Dave notices the note. It’s carefully folded in the limp
      palm of the robot’s hand. His heart jumps into his throat, and
      something in his stomach drops.</p>
      <p>Oh, no.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>