<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 4</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s4'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 4</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">R</span>ose’s eyes
      flutter open to the sound of a heart monitor and the sight of a
      featureless white ceiling. Fluorescent lights, diaphanous curtains,
      everything crisp and clean.</p>
      <p>A hospital?</p>
      <p>Wait, this doesn’t seem right, she thinks. When she closed her
      eyes, she was dramatically lingering about her bedroom at home.
      She’d just taken a handful of pills, and said goodbye to...</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: John!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She shoots up in bed, tugging the IV taped
      under her elbow. Kanaya is sitting at her bedside, hemming a
      sundress. She thins her lips and gives Rose a half-lidded look.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: “John”</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I See</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Is There Something I Should Know</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">This is the sort of joke that would have gone
      over better if it had not been made at this exact moment. With all
      the distance between them lately, Kanaya’s jab lands like a rock
      plunging into a stagnant pond.</p>
      <p>Instinctively, Rose raises her hand to her forehead, but there’s
      no pain there. Her head is the clearest it’s been in months.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Kanaya, what...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: What happened?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Kanaya throws her sewing project aside and
      sweeps in close, wrapping a cool palm around Rose’s arm. Her voice
      quakes but retains most of its porcelain decorum.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Came Home And Found You Passed Out In
      Front Of The Load Gaper</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Your Skin Was Freezing And You Were
      Barely Breathing</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Oh.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: The Doctor Said That Your Heart Rate
      Dropped Below Thirty Beats Per Minute</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Which As I Understand It Is Somewhat
      Dire</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I see.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: How Are You Feeling</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose considers this for a very long time, eyes
      fixed on the window at the other end of the room. The night is
      dying behind the thin, pale curtain. She can barely see the
      moon.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I feel...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She looks back to Kanaya, eyes wide and
      bright.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Kanaya, I feel... fine.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">It’s been such a long time since she’s felt
      anywhere in the same ballpark as “fine” that it’s almost an
      out-of-body experience to say the word. She feels giddy.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: No Headaches</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: No headaches, no visions. Nothing at all.
      I...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Wait.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Is John ok?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Where is he? Did he leave?</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Leave</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Oh No Johns Fine</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: He Didnt Go Anywhere</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Except I Suppose To Leave His House For
      Once</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Multiple Days In A Row Even</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose shuts her eyes and takes a deep breath.
      For some reason, she’s never felt so relieved in her life. She
      thinks about what she was about to send John off to do, and her
      feelings of grim urgency surrounding the matter. And yet, for the
      life of her, she can’t bring herself to care about whatever it was
      she felt was so direly important about his decision. All that
      matters to her now is that he’s safe, in good health, and spending
      time with those he cares about. And apparently, due to a perfectly
      inexplicable turn of events, so is she.</p>
      <p>The door to the room creaks open, and in slips a smiling
      carapacian in blue scrubs. Rose listens to Kanaya ask fretful
      questions about her condition. The nurse responds by tapping her
      clipboard in a musical rhythm.</p>
      <p>Rose opens her eyes. She stares at the knob of her wrist and
      frowns. She’s not sure why this sensation should be concerning.
      It’s not like her memory is slipping away. She remembers the
      conversation she had with John this morning quite clearly. As she
      does the previous years of declining health, and troubled,
      obsessive thoughts about canon, dissipation, and other such
      abstractions. What’s slipping away instead is the feeling that any
      of it mattered at all. Was she insane to be so consumed by such
      lofty concerns, and is she only beginning to experience clarity
      today, for the first time in ages?</p>
      <p>When the nurse leaves, Kanaya puts a hand over the wrist that
      she is so preoccupied with.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Is Something Wrong</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It just seems like all of this is happening
      so quickly.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Even... abruptly.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Oh Im Sorry Would You Prefer For Your
      Consciousness To Continue To Disintegrate</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Don’t be ridiculous, Kanaya.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: What I would prefer...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: ...is to be here, with you.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: <em>Really</em> here with you.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: For the first time in a long time.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Kanaya tips her face away from the light to
      hide it in the curve of her shoulder. Rose reaches out and takes
      her wife’s hands in her own. They’re colder than she remembers.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Are you crying?</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Since When Have I Been Known To Cry</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Quite often, actually. But usually because
      you’re angry.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Well</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Im Not Angry</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It was hard on you, wasn’t it?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: My illness? Combined with all your duties to
      the Mother Grub, the pressures of the changing political
      situation...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: With all that on your mind, it can’t have
      been pleasant to have to come home and take care of me as well.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I can see now that it was all terribly unfair
      to you.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: It Was Nobodys Fault Rose So Please Dont
      Take Any Undue Responsibility Onto Your Shoulders</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Since when have I been known to do such a
      thing?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Kanaya’s lips twitch into a smile and she
      laughs, sadly. Her laughter forces the tears out. They drip down
      her perfectly made-up face in thick trails.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Really Did Think I Had Lost You</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Its Not That I Thought You Would Die</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: It Was That You Felt So Far Away</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: What You Were Going Through Was Something
      That I Could Not Possibly Understand No Matter How Patient I Was Or
      How Deeply I Loved You</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: There Was A Feeling I Couldnt Shake That
      Something Terrible Was Going To Happen To Us</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Something That Neither Of Us Could
      Stop</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: A Powerful Outside Force That Would Take
      You Away From Me</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: And I Couldnt Stop Myself From Thinking
      That Maybe</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Maybe That It Would Be For The Best</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Kanaya...</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Can Now See That This Is Completely
      Ridiculous</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Kanaya laughs again. Gaily this time, as if
      some terrible, dark weight has been lifted from her shoulders. She
      lets out a thin, shaky breath afterward. It’s like the noise fills
      the room back up with oxygen. Rose hadn’t realized that she’d held
      her breath at all; the shadow hanging over Kanaya’s thoughts was
      hanging over hers as well. But now that she’s said it aloud, the
      darkness dissipates without ever materializing into its true
      shape.</p>
      <p>Rose uses the hem of her hospital gown to wipe the tears off
      Kanaya’s face.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It really is. Honestly, Kanaya, I’ve never
      heard such a ridiculous thing in my life.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: You Are Talking To Me As If I Am A Pupa
      Again</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I’m sorry.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: No Do Not Apologize It Has Been A Very
      Long Time Since Youve Had The Energy To Use Such A Condescending
      Tone Of Voice</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: And As You Know Its One Of The Things
      About You I Find Most Adorable</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I can imagine how adorable I’ve been,
      drifting around the house like a sweaty, drugged-up ghost.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: While You Know How I Feel About The
      Careless Imbibing Of Human Intoxicants</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: You Were Still Very Adorable</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Not To Be Trite But There Is Nothing That
      Could Make You Not Beautiful To Me</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: What a relief, considering that we are both
      going to be young and magically fit literally forever.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Kanaya presses a snotty, uncharacteristically
      imperfect kiss to the back of Rose’s hand, right beneath where she
      wears her wedding ring.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: If You Would Have Me Forever</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Who else?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: There’s no one who understands me like you,
      Kanaya. No one who looks at me the way you do. No one who brings me
      back down to earth with ceaseless, brutal honestly like you.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I have no idea what’d I’d do without you.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: You Would Probably Do Just Fine</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yes, but I’d be very unhappy.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">They smile at each other as the first rays of
      the sunrise peek through the blinds.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>