<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 19</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s19'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 19</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: how cute do you guys think johns baby is
      going to be</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: like on a scale of 1-11???</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade rolls over and nuzzles herself into the
      crook of Dave’s armpit, taking Karkat’s hand with her so that it’s
      slung over her stomach. Dave doesn’t stop scrolling on his phone.
      His face is a kaleidoscope of neon, lit from beneath by the
      Alternian mushrooms that flare up at night with a sick, green
      bioluminescence, and from above by the soft glow of his social
      media accounts.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i dunno</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i still havent come to terms with the fact
      that johns gonna be a dad</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: you dont think hell be a good one?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i didnt say that but ok since you asked</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean think about it if you were gonna rank
      us in order of maturity based on all the years weve known each
      other</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: about where would you put john</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat, lazily munching on a chocolate beetle,
      taps his foot against the picnic blanket. Jade moves his hand so
      that it’s resting subtly on the line of exposed skin above her
      skirt, where her tank top is riding up. He seems not to notice.
      Instead, he’s seriously considering Dave’s question. He picks a leg
      off one of his beetles and flicks it over Jade so that it lands on
      Dave’s forehead.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BELOW ME BUT ABOVE YOU.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah exactly</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: now hes all married and pregnant and hes got
      a mustache</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I’M STILL NOT OVER THE FUCKING
      MUSTACHE.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: why not he looks so good!!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah he looks disturbingly good</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i almost cant talk to him anymore it looks so
      good</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: ohhhhh?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jesus jade dont fuckin read into it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: a bro can appreciate how attractive his bro
      has become and maybe get a little breathless at the sight of his
      chiseled jawline and manly facial hair without being gay about
      it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ive just been thinking lately everytime i see
      him that hes</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ok dont make fun of me for saying this but
      its like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: johns a Man</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: not a lowercase m man but a fully grown up
      legit fuckin Dude with a leather briefcase and a suit that he only
      wears on special occasions</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: PRETTY FUCKED UP.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i know right</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: hmmmm...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade pokes a finger into Dave’s chin, sliding
      it up his jawline so that it puckers his mouth into a pout. It’s a
      pretty cute thing to do, if extremely immature. This might be the
      point Dave was trying to make, that they’re all still kind of
      immature. Jade doesn’t pick up on the obvious subtext in the
      conversation, however, because she’s been willfully undermining the
      subtext in her own personal life for nearly a year now.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: well...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: ive actually been thinking lately about how
      since rose and kanaya had a kid and jane and jake had a kid and
      john and roxy are gonna have a kid.......</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: what would you think if maybe...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: ....we had kids???</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHO? YOU AND DAVE?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat starts laughing. Jade flicks him in the
      forehead.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: no stupid all three of us!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: uhhh</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: what??</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: uhhhhhhh</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: look i know there are “issues” to sort out in
      terms of um....... feasibility</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: but i think there are a lot of options to
      consider!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: maybe someone can help us out</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: like.... someone we know?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: or i dont know! what about adoption!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: that could be cute! adopting a little grub!!
      aww...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: or a human! whatever! im not picky</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: uhhhhhhhhhhhhh</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: UHHHHHH IS FUCKING RIGHT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: JADE, DON’T YOU READ THE NEWSPAPERS?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THE NEW ADMINISTRATION IS CRACKING DOWN
      ON CERTAIN KINDS OF INTERSPECIES ADOPTION LAWS.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IF YOU’RE SO INTENT ON IT BEING “THE
      THREE OF US,” WE LITERALLY WILL NOT BE ABLE TO ADOPT A HUMAN CHILD
      BECAUSE THE HUMAN ADMINISTRATION IS AFRAID THAT I’D...</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I DON’T KNOW.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: TEAR INTO IT, AND FEAST ON ITS
      ORGANS.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: AND IN THAT KIND OF POLITICAL CLIMATE?
      WELL, I’M NOT SURE IT’S A WORLD I WOULD WANT TO RAISE A TROLL CHILD
      IN RIGHT NOW.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jokes on them ive never seen you tear into
      anything more complicated than a microwave dinner</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I KNOW, RIGHT?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean on the other hand if we adopt a kid
      young enough it would totally fit in the microwave</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT THE FUCK, DAVE. I’M NOT GONNA EAT
      OUR THEORETICAL BABY.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave puts away his phone and rolls up so that
      he’s braced on his elbow. He meets Karkat’s gaze over the rise of
      Jade’s chest and smiles at him.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah dude i know</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: youre probably like closet dad of the fuckin
      year</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: just waiting for his moment to shine</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i bet youd whine and complain about getting a
      kid til we actually brought junior home</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the moment you saw his chubby lil cheeks your
      face would light right up</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh... i can imagine the look on karkats face
      right now</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: heheh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah you know exactly the one</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like how he looks when his hot pocket
      finishes cooking in the microwave</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: which he understands is an instrument of food
      preparation</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and not some sort of grim infant warming
      device</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHY DID YOU HAVE TO BRING IT BACK TO THE
      MICROWAVE?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: cause i had more jokes to make about the
      subject</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OF COURSE. GOD FORBID JADE AND I ARE NOT
      FORCED TO LISTEN TO EVERY LETTER OF YOUR MORBID INTERNAL
      DIALOGUE.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: whatever you love it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anyway</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: on the baby in the microwave front</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: GOD</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: id be more worried about me being the one
      whod do the deed so to speak</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean its not like ive got a great
      demonstrative background in child rearing or anything</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: considering all the places i got left as a
      kid i wouldnt be surprised if id just put our baby in the toaster
      by accident or something</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like if you tally up the amount of hours i
      spent locked in the fridge compared to the amount of hours i spent
      in the american school system learning how to be normal and do
      polynomials</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: just sayin it looks dire</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: .....</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave’s staring into the distance like a
      stopped clock, or at the very least like a dude who’s been locked
      in the fridge more than once in his life. Jade and Karkat exchange
      a private look they’ve also given each other more than once in
      Dave’s presence.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah so anyway im gonna stick to hot pockets
      i think</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: dave</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: you really think youd make that bad a
      father?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: even with me and karkat helping you?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: eh dont take this personally but im an
      evidence based hypothesis kinda guy and so far three way
      relationships in our friend group attempting parenthood...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the record aint so lookin so good</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: just saying</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: a clown a fascist and a male sex icon walk
      into a bar sounds like the start of a bad but funny joke</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but when its the start of a family thats when
      it gets a bit less funny to me</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: poor little dude gonna be fucked up</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh come on dave</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: tavros is a cute kid!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: SURE, HE IS *NOW*.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the moment cognitive function starts firing
      off in that kids head hes gonna be scarred for life</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: we dont KNOW that</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jade i know jakes like your bestie</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and also your grandfather</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and also kinda your grandson</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh also your fucking dad i guess</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but his relationship is bad</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: hey... thats...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: not NECESSARILY true...</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU’RE RIGHT, IT’S NOT FUCKING TRUE.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: DAVE’S JUST BEING GENTLE HERE TO SPARE
      YOUR FEELINGS.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HIS RELATIONSHIP IS NOT MERELY “BAD”</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HIS RELATIONSHIP IS A FLAMING WRECK OF AN
      INTERSTELLAR WARSHIP HURTLING TOWARDS THE PLANET AT TERMINAL
      VELOCITY WITH THE ENTIRE CREW BRUTALLY SLAUGHTERED UPON REENTRY,
      SHOVED STRAIGHT DOWN THE CHAGRIN TUNNEL AND THEN IMMEDIATELY SHAT
      OUT THE OTHER SIDE, THUS FLOODING THE ENTIRE FUCKING NEIGHBORHOOD
      WHEN IT CLOGS UP THE LOAD GAPER.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade sits up and wraps her arms around her
      knees. Her ears go flat as she chews her lip.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: ...its not like i dont know that</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: john never shuts up about it</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i mean, he and jane used to be close back
      when we all first met but last time i talked to john he....</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: well, he accused her of “raping” jake</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh shit</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU DON’T FUCKING SAY.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: its not like i dont worry about jake but come
      on!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: were all adults</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: what am i supposed to do? show up at his
      window dressed like the blue fairy and whisk him away from his
      terrible life??</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: maybe that would work for a few days, but one
      thing i learned from dating around a lot in my youth is that no
      ones going to leave a bad relationship until its THEIR idea to
      leave</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She takes in a shaky breath and shuts her
      eyes. Her hair spills around her face when she leans forward to put
      her chin on her knees. Dave and Karkat exchange a look that is
      equal parts confused, miserable, and desperate. Karkat’s making a
      fist against the ground, digging up a handful of moss and getting
      dirt under his fingernails. Perhaps it’s a metaphor, he wryly
      speculates, for the way Jade has just dug up the emotional dirt in
      their relationship. Dave clears his throat quietly. One of them
      could say something right now if they found the nerve. But as the
      moments slide by, nerve remains in short supply.</p>
      <p>Karkat opens his mouth, without quite having settled on the
      words that will come out of it. But before any do, the sky cracks
      open. Instead, he lets out an undignified yelp and scuttles back so
      he doesn’t get hit by the sharp debris suddenly raining from
      above.</p>
      <p>Jade spins around and flings her arms out, using her Space
      powers to catch the offensive rubble and shrink it into harmless
      granules. They spark and clash against her fingers. She can’t quite
      tell what they are. They’re not rocks, or metal... they don’t even
      seem to be physical.</p>
      <p>Something else comes hurtling out of the hole in the sky, too
      fast for Jade to catch. It hits the ground with a clap of green
      lightning. The collision sends a geyser of dirt, rock, and vapor
      into the air. Dave flash-steps to shield Karkat. Jade doesn’t move,
      taking the brunt of the explosion face on, using her abilities to
      warp the energy around her so that she’s a mote at the center of
      the storm. When the dust clears, she’s the first to jump in the
      crater, trailing smoke behind her.</p>
      <p>There’s a body at the center of it. The torso is bloody,
      tangled, and curled into a fetal position. Its shoes are missing,
      but otherwise the outfit is quite familiar to her: it’s a dead
      ringer for her old Witch of Space uniform. Jade touches the body
      with the toe of her shoe, and then gasps when it rolls over to
      reveal its face.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: its...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: ME???</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat and Dave stick their heads over the
      edge of the pit.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: holy shit</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT IN THE EVER LIVING FUCK?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: uh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: good question</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: idk but we should probably get her some
      help</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HELP? FOR WHAT??</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IT LOOKS LIKE HER INTERNAL ORGANS ARE
      OBLITERATED. SHE’S COVERED IN MORE BLOOD THAN I THOUGHT HUMANS EVEN
      HAD INSIDE THEM.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: well we cant just leave her in this fuckin
      hole man</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: come on gimme a hand</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat watches as Jade stands over her own
      younger corpse. He notices the way her shoulders are slanted. It’s
      clear even from a distance that she’s shaking.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: JADE?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT’S GOING ON
      HERE??</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT SHOULD WE DO ABOUT THIS</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade doesn’t say anything. She’s staring at
      the body. A badly broken version of herself, probably from a
      different timeline, she guesses. This Jade looks about sixteen
      years old. Her hair is matted with blood. Her appearance is
      gruesome, yet also... peaceful, somehow.</p>
      <p>Dave slides down the ridge of the crater and grabs her by the
      shoulder.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hey jade you hear us</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade wipes a hand across her cheek and looks
      down to find that it’s come away bloody. One of those shrunken,
      massless shards from the sky must have nicked her in the face. Her
      eyes go wide and she feels the breath go out of her for a moment.
      She looks directly upward. Where did this body come from?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jade???</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: yes dave i heard you</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Still staring at the body, Jade digs her phone
      out of her pocket.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: i need to talk to jane</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>