<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 22</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s22'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 22</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: H3Y JOHN</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: T1M3 FOR YOUR R3GUL4R CH3CKUP H3H3H3</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh. hey.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: “OH H3Y”</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: PR3TTY T3P1D R3C3PT1ON FROM 4 GUY WHO H4S
      1N TH3 P4ST B3GG3D D3SP3R4T3LY FOR 3V3N 4 SCR4P OF MY 4TT3NT1ON</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m glad to hear from you. it’s just... i
      dunno, a lot’s happened recently.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m sort of numb from all of it.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: SO T3LL M3 4BOUT 1T</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what are you my therapist now?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: NO 1M JUST 4 S1MPL3 G1RL WHO LOV3S TH3
      T4ST3 OF YOUR SUFF3R1NG</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1M SO HUNGRY OUT H3R3 4LON3 1N P4R4DOX
      SP4C3 JOHN</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: PL34S3 NOUR1SH M3 W1TH YOUR P4TH3T1C
      M1DL1FE 3NNU1</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s not midlife ennui!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m not even thirty yet, come on.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: also... um.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m married? so... yeah.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: LOL</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WH4T DO3S TH4T H4V3 TO DO W1TH
      4NYTH1NG</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: err...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: nevermind.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so what’s up with you?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: OH S4M3 OLD S4M3 OLD</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WH4T 4R3 YOU DO1NG R1GHT NOW</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh. i’m at harry anderson’s birthday
      party.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: SOUNDS 1MPORT4NT</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: M4YB3 1 SHOULD L3T YOU GO TH3N</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean... it’s fine. i can talk for a
      bit.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4ND L34V3 H4RRY 4ND3RSON H4NG1NG?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WOW 3GB3RT</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: YOUD TH1NK 4N 3LD3RLY M4N L1K3 YOU WOULD
      KNOW MOR3 4BOUT D3CORUM TH4N M3, 4 ROWDY YOUTH!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: harry anderson is basically just a baby who
      doesn’t understand anything.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: a baby, kind of like YOU.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: &gt;:]</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: SO WHOS H4RRY 4ND3RSON?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh! that’s me and roxy’s son.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: OH COOL H3 GOT BORN</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah terezi. he got born like three years
      ago.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1TS B33N TH4T LONG?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WOW</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, wow is right. where the hell have you
      been?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: LOST</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: lost... how?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like literally, physically lost?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: or metaphorically lost.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: BOTH 1 GU3SS</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: terezi...</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: OH NO</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: DONT YOU D4R3 US3 P1TY1NG 3LL1PS3S 4T M3
      JOHN 3GB3RT</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: sorry! it’s kinda hard not to when every time
      you go i have no idea if i’ll ever talk to you again.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: OK YOUR3 OBV1OUSLY NOT 1N 4 PL4C3 TO T4LK
      R1GHT NOW</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 D1DNT CONT4CT YOU B3C4US3 1 W4NT3D TO
      D34L W1TH YOUR W33PY S3P4R4T1ON ANX13TY</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: HOW 4BOUT 1 M4K3 TH1S 34SY FOR YOU 4ND
      JUST LOG OFF</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, please don’t go!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m sorry for being all... human and
      weepy.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m actually in a pretty ok place for once, i
      think?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: C4LM DOWN 1 W4SNT F1N1SH3D</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: L1ST3N... 1LL T3XT YOU B4CK 1N F1V3
      M1NUT3S</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: TH4TLL G1V3 YOU SOM3 T1M3 TO 3MOT1ON4LLY
      PROC3SS THE H4RROW1NG 3XP3R13NC3 OF 4CTU4LLY H34R1NG FROM M3 4G41N
      &gt;:]</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: promise me it’ll only be five minutes?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WHY?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: because i worry about you!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i just don’t want you to leave me hanging for
      another year, making me wonder if you’re dead.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: please??</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: UGH!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: F1N3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 H3R3BY SOL3MNLY SW34R UPON TH3 BOOK OF
      DUMB N33DY LOS3RS TH4T 1 W1LL T3XT YOU 1N *3X4CTLY* F1V3
      M1NUT3S</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: whew. THANK you!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small weight-bold">—</div>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: OK 1TS F1V3 M1NUT3S L4T3R</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: DONT T3LL M3 4NOTH3R TWO SW33PS H4V3
      P4SS3D</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: nah, just a couple of weeks.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh boy, what a couple of weeks though.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you would NOT believe what’s happening right
      now.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: H4V3 1 3V3R NOT B3L13V3D WH4T W4S
      H4PP3N1NG WH3N YOU S41D 1 WOULDNT?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, but to be fair this one is especially
      wild.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: here wait, let me take a picture.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small weight-bold">-- <span class="john">JOHN EGBERT</span> sent <span class="terezi">TEREZI PYROPE</span> the photo “ghostrain.jpg” -- </div>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WH4T TH3 4CTU4L FUCK</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it started a few days ago. the sky above the
      capital of the troll kingdom just cracked open and ghosts began
      raining down everywhere.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: actually, now that i think about it, i guess
      it started three years ago when a dead teen version of jade fell
      from the sky and crashed into the ground during a picnic.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: HUH</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that only affected our group though. this
      whole thing with the troll ghosts has been a *huge* international
      incident.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: the political situation surrounding trolls
      was already tense enough without adding a gigantic population of
      immigrant ghost trolls to the mix.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: W41T, WH4T H4PP3N3D?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um, well... because of what we know about
      alternian history...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: the government decided it was probably a bad
      idea to let trolls reproduce freely, especially considering how
      different our planet is from alternia.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 SUPPOS3 TH4T M4K3S S3NS3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: W1THOUT ST4T3 S4NCT1ON3D CULL1NG, TH3
      TROLL POPUL4T1ON WOULD QU1CKLY DOM1N4T3 TH3 PL4N3T</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4ND 34RTH C DO3SNT STR1K3 ME 4S TH3 SORT
      OF PL4C3 TH4T WOULD T4K3 K1NDLY TO 4 LOT OF CULL1NG</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah. that was part of the government’s
      official argument.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: “it’s either this, or culling.”</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but it didn’t stop there.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: also a bunch of laws have been passed that
      restrict the kind of jobs that trolls can have. like, they’re not
      allowed to serve in the government or rise past a certain rank in
      the military. they can’t even be judges!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: G4SP</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i know. it’s pretty bad here.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: CONS1D3R1NG TH3 GO4L 1S TO L1M1T TH3
      SPR34D 4ND 1NFLU3NC3 OF TROLLS, TH1S 4LL S33MS L1K3...</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: QU1T3 4N 4LT3RN14N SOLUT1ON</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well... jane is sort of a key political
      player now.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: she’s not “in” the government, exactly. but
      she has so much money she may as well BE the government.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: her company can do basically whatever it
      wants. and it seems more and more like what it wants is to make
      sure the politicians are saying exactly what it wants them to
      say.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: H4</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 4LW4YS SUSP3CT3D SH3D B33N SW4Y3D BY
      TH3 COND3SC3 MOR3 TH4N SH3 3V3R L3T ON</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah. i guess she was.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: although... i dunno, for some reason it
      doesn’t feel right to me.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i KNEW a grown-up version of jane. she was my
      nanna.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i never met her until she came back as a
      sprite. but she just seemed like a kindly old grandma who liked to
      play pranks.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: not a...</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: G3NOC1D3 F4N?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: not even close!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i just can’t believe how fast everything
      deteriorated.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: DONT T3LL M3 3V3YON3S JUST T4K1NG TH1S
      LY1NG DOWN</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: of course not! kanaya and rose are both
      heavily involved in grassroots activism right now.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and karkat...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: he’s gone completely off the grid!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: at first we all assumed that the reason he
      ran away was because he got fed up with his shitty poly
      relationship.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: which was probably part of it, honestly. but
      now i keep seeing his face on all the resistance posters!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think they may have actually put him in
      charge?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: H3H</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 4LW4YS KN3W H3 H4D 1T 1N H1M</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: dave’s heartbroken though...</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WHY DO3SNT D4V3 JUST GO 4ND JO1N H1M
      TH3N</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t know.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: he worries about jade i guess?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: J4D3 WOULD B3 F1N3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: SH3S TH3 MOST R3S1L13NT OUT OF 4LL OF
      YOU</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: sigh. you know how dave is.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: Y34H</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: LOY4L TO 4 F4ULT</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah. he...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh my god.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: holy shit, hang on. i gotta take another
      picture.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small weight-bold">-- <span class="john">JOHN EGBERT</span> sent <span class="terezi">TEREZI PYROPE</span> the photo “PBandJ.jpg” -- </div>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: ...</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WH4T TH3 FUCK 1S TH1S?!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: heheheheh.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: DONT TYP3 YOUR L4UGHS 4T M3 4FT3R
      TR1CK1NG M3 1NTO LOOK1NG 4T TH1S 4BOMIN41TON</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i thought you might find it interesting.
      :-)</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WHY WOULD 1 *3V3R* W4NT TO S33 G4MZ33
      M4K1NG OUT W1TH T4VROS 4G41N???</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: again?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: UGH D1SGUST1NG</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1N PUBL1C 4ND 3V3RYTH1NG</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, it’s always in public.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: this is how gamzee helps people have their
      “redemption arcs.”</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: BY M4K1NG OUT W1TH TH3M???</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well, not always. sometimes he has them make
      out with each other. usually he just feeds them milk out of that
      stupid baby bottle he keeps with him all the time.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think it’s supposed to be like, some
      completely idiotic form of baptism he made up.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: &gt;:?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: anyway, speaking of tavros.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what do you think about the morality of
      kidnapping someone if they’re really unhappy and possibly also
      being abused?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: UH</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WH4T</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok, so like, if you kidnap someone and the
      situation you’re kidnapping them into is way better than the one
      you kidnapped them out of, that’s not morally wrong, right?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: JOHN</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4R3 YOU TRY1NG TO G3T M3 4LL 4FLUST3R3D
      W1TH SUCH H1GHLY ILL3G4L SW33T T4LK</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um, no.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ARE you flustered?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 M1GHT B3, 1F 1 THOUGHT YOU WOULD
      4CTU4LLY BR34K TH3 L4W</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: hey, i could totally do it!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1LL B3L1EV3 1T WH3N 1 SM3LL 1T</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok, i guess i’m gonna do it then!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: SUR3</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m totally going to do it! next time we
      talk, it’ll be me telling you all about my successful and highly
      illegal kidnapping venture.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WH4T3V3R YOU S4Y</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4NYW4Y, N1C3 HUDDL3 3GB3RT, BUT 1 H4V3 TO
      GO</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wait!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WH4T</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’re going already?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you barely said anything!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you just listened to me ramble on about earth
      c’s problems.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1SNT TH4T HOW TH3S3 CONV3RS4T1ONS USU4LLY
      GO</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, i guess it is.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but it doesn’t have to be like that, you
      know.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: HMM</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what’s going on with you?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: D1D 1T OCCUR TO YOU TH4T M4YB3 TH3 R34SON
      1 C4LL YOU 1S B3C4US3 1 W4NT 4 BR13F R3PR13V3 FROM “WH4TS GO1NG ON
      W1TH M3”?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, that makes sense.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i just don’t want you to feel that you’re
      like, my psychiatrist or whatever.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: AWW TH4TS CUT3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: DONT WORRY 4BOUT M3 JOHN</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1F YOU W3R3 BUGG1NG M3 1D JUST STOP
      T3XT1NG</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: cool. if i’m not bugging you, then... can i
      ask a favor?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1TS C3RT41NLY W1TH1N YOUR POW3R TO 4SK M3
      4 F4VOR</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 C4NT PROM1S3 TO FULF1LL 1T</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ugh, now i feel even dumber for what i’m
      about to ask.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t know if i even wanna do it now.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4RGH! OUT W1TH 1T 3GB3RT!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ummm...</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: F1N3! 1LL DO 1T, WH4T3V3R 1T 1S</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: JUST SO YOU C34S3 TH1S M4DD3N1NG N3RDBOY
      1NS3CUR1TY</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok, ok!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: can you...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: take a selfie?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WH4T</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and... send it to me?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh my god, i probably sound so creepy right
      now.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4H4H4H4H4H4H4</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: hey, don’t laugh!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: look, it’s just that... after all the talking
      we’ve done over the years...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’re pretty important to me, terezi. and
      with everything getting so weird, i’ve been getting scared
      lately.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so in case things go to shit over here, or
      things go to shit wherever you are...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i just want to make sure i have something to
      remember you by.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: OH</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so will you do it?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Terezi doesn’t answer, which is what John was
      expecting. He frowns and pockets his phone, blinking at the sudden
      brightness above him. The sky is ripped open in a dozen places,
      spilling ghosts and razor shards of unreality. John shields his
      face against the neon glare and scans the park for his family. Roxy
      and Calliope usually come listen to Gamzee preach, and John’s long
      since grown tired of trying to talk them out of it. The best he can
      do at this point is tag along to make sure that young Harry
      Anderson isn’t hearing all this utter nonsense without the
      tempering influence of his skeptical father. It’s the responsible,
      adult thing to do.</p>
      <p>Well, it would be the responsible, adult thing to do if John
      were actually doing it. Instead, he just spent the last ten minutes
      surreptitiously texting Terezi under the hem of his suit jacket.
      Now he’s lost track of his wife, his son, and his wife’s
      sort-of-ex-girlfriend in the enraptured throng of all these
      brainless clown worshippers. The crowd is mostly ghosts, but
      there’s a substantial number of carapacian and human citizens out
      here tonight as well, straining to get a good look at the newly
      “redeemed” acolytes.</p>
      <p>John’s eye wanders toward the center of the crowd’s focus. Looks
      like a conversion is taking place right now.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: NoW We wElCoMe iNtO ThE DoPe aRmS Of
      mOtHeR ReDeMpTiOn tHiS lOwLy PeNiTeNt WhO’s AlL kInDs Of SoRrY
      aBoUt HiS pAsT dEeDs.</p>
      <p class="eridan">ERIDAN: oh yeah im vvery redeemed</p>
      <p class="feferi">FEFERI: )(mm are you s)(ore?</p>
      <p class="eridan">ERIDAN: fef you dont believve me</p>
      <p class="eridan">ERIDAN: wwhat do i havve to fuckin do crawwl on
      the fuckin ground at your feet</p>
      <p class="eridan">ERIDAN: snortin and snufflin at your shoes like a
      mushroom sniffin porkfiend</p>
      <p class="eridan">ERIDAN: sizin up those covvetous swweaty
      delicacies stuffed wwithin</p>
      <p class="eridan">ERIDAN: like a couple of premium shrimp loavves
      garnished wwith ten exquisite pygmy soiree wwieners</p>
      <p class="eridan">ERIDAN: im a wworm fef</p>
      <p class="eridan">ERIDAN: im the lowwest of the wworst</p>
      <p class="feferi">FEFERI: Okaaay. If t)(at’s really )(ow you feel,
      i guess i can... accept your apology.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: NiIiIiIiCe.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: NoW tHiS iS wHaT i’M tAlKiNg AbOuT. AlL
      tHiS fOrGiVnEsS aNd ShIt Up In ThE mOtHeRfUcKiNg HoUsE.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: aFtEr AlL, wHaT’s A lItTlE</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: MURDER</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: BeTwEeN mOiRaIlS?</p>
      <p class="feferi">FEFERI: I guess t)(at’s true! It )(appens to t)(e
      best of us. 38)</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: YoU bOtH aRe So ClOsE tO tHe ReDeMpTiOn
      NoW.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: fIrSt, A LiTtLe RiGhTeOuS sPlAsH oF tHe
      NaNnA nEcTaR tO cLeAnSe ThAt DaNkNeSs FrOm YoUr SoUlS...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Gamzee takes out a baby bottle and flicks it,
      covering them both with little drops of milk, as clergy does with
      holy water. He then takes a swig from the bottle himself before
      returning it to his codpiece.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: NoW...</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: kIsS, mY mOtHeRfUcKeRs.</p>
      <p class="feferi">FEFERI: Ummmm...</p>
      <p class="eridan">ERIDAN: FINALLY</p>
      <p class="eridan">ERIDAN: pucker up fef and plant one on me</p>
      <p class="feferi">FEFERI: 38\</p>
      <p class="eridan">ERIDAN: you gotta its the rules</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: tHe MoThErFuCkEr’S rIgHt.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: It AlL bE fUcKiN cRiTiCaL tO bOtH yOuR
      rEdEmPtIoN, tO kIsS aNd MaKe Up :o)</p>
      <p class="eridan">FEFERI: Sig)(. If it’s for redemption,
      t)(en...</p>
      <p class="eridan">FEFERI: Very well.</p>
      <p class="eridan">ERIDAN: oh fuck yeah</p>
      <p class="eridan">ERIDAN: RUB A DUB DUB COME GIMME A GLUB!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John makes a disgusted face as Gamzee grabs
      the two trolls by a horn each and mashes their faces together. One
      of them looks extremely into it. The other... not so much. John
      would have been transfixed by the spectacle for longer if his phone
      didn’t start buzzing in his pocket again. He fumbles it out of his
      coat and checks.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small weight-bold">-- <span class="terezi">TEREZI PYROPE</span> sent <span class="john">JOHN EGBERT</span> the photo “H3R3.JPG” -- </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He looks around, then presses “accept,”
      embarrassed to realize how fast his heart is beating. Before he can
      look at the photo, a familiar voice breaks through the din of the
      crowd.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yo john</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: over here hon!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John puts his phone away quickly. Roxy’s
      holding Harry Anderson up on her shoulder. John can see his son’s
      face, grinning and bright-eyed, bobbing above the crowd. He returns
      the smile and starts to make his way toward his wife.</p>
      <p>Just then, a dark shadow passes over the park. The crowd falls
      silent as they raise their heads to watch a drone ship pass by
      overhead. Its design is insect-like, splitting into many jagged
      branches, each decked out with weapons and cameras. It’s completely
      silent, and encased in armor with a bright red finish, smooth and
      seamless. It’s often cited by Jane as the crown jewel of
      Crockercorp’s various military contracts with the government.</p>
      <p>John reunites with his family and takes Harry Anderson from
      Roxy. The toddler buries his face in John’s chest to escape the
      horrible sight crawling across the sky above them. Calliope clasps
      her hands together and stares at the ship with a terse
      expression.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: it’s getting less and less UnUsUal to
      see those in the troll kingdom, isn’t it?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i can’t help but think the government’s
      getting ready for something big.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lmao you worry too much</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: janeys got her head on straight shell show
      you yet</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ugh, let’s not talk about this right now.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yea ur right</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its gettin late anyway we should head
      home</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: see you next week callie?</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: oh. yes. always, roxy.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">That night, after he and Roxy put Harry
      Anderson to bed and Roxy retires to their room for the evening,
      John goes to his office and prints out the picture of Terezi. He
      doesn’t have any nice photo paper to put it on, so it comes out too
      dark with the colors all smeared. He scrubs the printer history
      settings when he’s finished.</p>
      <p>When his anxiety is assuaged, he flops down in the spinny chair
      at the center of the room and studies the picture. Terezi doesn’t
      look that much different from how he remembers her—a little more
      worn, maybe, thinner and older and more tired, but it’s her. She’s
      smiling, and holding up her hand in a cheeky wave that suggests
      neither a greeting or a farewell. The light from the phone screen
      is reflected in her glasses. John can’t see her eyes.</p>
      <p>He folds the picture into quarters and slips it into his wallet,
      behind Harry Anderson’s baby photo. Then he turns off the light and
      goes to bed.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>