<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 18</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s18'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 18</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">J</span>ane may
      have stepped away from her pursuit of public office, but it’s
      important for any educated businesswoman to stay abreast of the
      political goings-on of her nation.</p>
      <p>She keeps close watch on the political landscape. She’s got
      people with eyes on every newspaper and website on Earth C, but she
      likes to watch the human news herself. It’s just such a
      delightfully adult thing to do, she thinks, as she spreads out
      languorously in front of her television. She remembers her father
      doing the same all the time. Well, without the luxurious silk robe
      and eighty-inch TV screen.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: I admit I had second thoughts about calling
      off my presidential bid after what happened with Dirk, but...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You know what, I’m surprised to say that this
      administration isn’t too shabby after all.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I was really worried that one of the
      candidates would naively roll back the troll population control
      ordinances once Kanaya got the Mother Grub up and running, but
      they’re taking a really hard line on this.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Gamzee, as ever, stands by Jane’s side,
      assisting her as she jots down notes about the political events of
      the day. When she asks for a fresh pen, he fishes one out of his
      codpiece and hands it to her, but he looks uncharacteristically
      disquieted.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">GaMzEe: WhOa. ArE yOu ReAlLy AlL uP aNd
      SuPpOrTiNg ThAt StIcKy ShIzZ, mY wOmAn?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Excuse me? That... what?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: iT lOoKs To Me LiKe ThE hUmAn MaN iS
      tRyInG tO kEeP mY pEoPlE dOwN, aLl DiScRiMiNaToRiLy AnD sUcH.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane chuckles at Gamzee’s jape. But the
      strange expression persists on his clownish face.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: ThIs Be WiCkEd SeRiOuS bOo.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: YaLl ReAlLy DoWn WiTh SuBjUgGlAtInG mY
      nInJaS?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane scoffs. The downside of taking notes by
      hand is that one’s wrist is bound to get a bit sore, and it’s left
      her short on patience for the tiresome ordeal of explaining the
      basic functioning of a political system to an ignorant farceur.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Gamzee, please.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I’m not down with doing anything of the
      sort.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Some of my best friends are trolls. I have no
      ill will towards trolls at all, and I want them to have the same
      opportunities and privileges as any human.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Or carapacian, or what have you.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: But there are certain measures that are,
      realistically speaking, necessary in order to assure that these
      opportunities and privileges remain equivalent across the
      board.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: bUt BrEeDiNg CoNtRoL? i DoN’t KnOw
      MaN.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: dOeSn’T sEeM kEePiNg In ThE sPiRiT oF
      tOlErAnCe AnD eQuAlItY aNd AlL tHaT, mAn.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Gamzee, you just don’t get it.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: It’s not about “equality.”</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: It’s about equity.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: YeAh I dOn’T fOlLoW, hOnK.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You see, in a system of equality, every
      individual is dealt exactly the same hand.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Maybe this is an analogy you would
      understand.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: What if we lived in a world where there were
      only one size of shoe?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: That would be perfectly equal, if everyone
      had equal access to that shoe.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: But would it suit everyone?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Could everyone put on that one size of shoe
      and receive an equivalent level of support and comfort?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: i DoN’t KnOw, As LoNg As It’S a BiG oLd
      ShOe It MiGhT bE aLl RiGhT mAnG.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane has to pause to huff in exasperation.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: No, Gamzee!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Everyone needs shoes that fit the size of
      their feet!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You need to make unequally sized shoes for
      unequally sized feet!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: Oh WoRd? I aIn’T kNoW aBoUt AlL tHaT bOo
      BoO bUt If YoU sAy It’S tRuE.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Sigh. Yes, it’s true.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: It’s the same with building laws that are
      conducive to a functioning, equitable society.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Some people are simply born into positions
      that confer upon them certain advantages, and it is the job of the
      government to ensure that people who are less fortunate can be
      “lifted up,” as it were, to match their luckier peers.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: We must offer greater assistance to some
      classes of people than others, to ensure that equity.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Such is the case with natural troll and human
      birth rates.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: sO yOu SaYiN yOu NeEd DiFfErEnT sHoEs FoR
      yOuR hUmAn DiCkS aNd WhAt NoT?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Precisely.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: The reintroduction of the Mother Grub changes
      everything.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Trolls and humans don’t have identical birth
      rates. It’s a fundamental biological fact that natural troll
      reproduction is much faster than humans’.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: It’s a matter of evolution and society!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You know this, Gamzee. Your people evolved in
      a harsh, unforgiving world, where the slightest misstep could lead
      to death.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: And like any animal would, your biology
      adapted to the circumstances.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Your Mother Grubs have the capacity to
      produce an unimaginable quantity of eggs at a time, to ensure that
      at least a few can survive to reproductive age.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: And I understand that in the context of
      Alternian society, that worked great. Because the mortality rate
      was so high, only a manageable number of individuals were able to
      make it to adulthood.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: But we have a peaceful society now, with
      benevolent caretakers and fair laws. No young troll is at danger of
      being killed by monstrous fauna. No one will be culled for being
      “too weak.”</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: But that doesn’t change your biology.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: So what does that mean for the troll
      population? It would spiral out of control within a matter of
      generations!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You would come to outnumber humans at a
      factor of thousands, millions to one.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: The infrastructure would not be able to keep
      pace. The economy would be completely destabilized. The market
      would be flooded with thousands of trolls who wouldn’t be able to
      find jobs or places to live.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Not to mention the issue of your life spans.
      Some of you will live for hundreds, thousands of years!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: And, honestly... speaking of biology...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I’m not sure, if we were to loosen population
      controls right now, that your people have... how to say...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Well, let’s just say I think it would be
      irresponsible to gamble on whether or not the natural Alternian
      order will reassert itself in such a troll-dominated society.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Maybe in a hundred, two hundred years, when
      you’ve proven—and I believe you will, I really do—but when you’ve
      proven that you can coexist in a harmonious society with natural
      breeding, it might not matter so much exactly how many more trolls
      there are than humans.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: WaIt. DiDn’T wE aLl Up AnD jUmP fOrWaRd
      So We GoT 2314 sWeEpS oF hIsToRy Or SoMeWhAt?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: With artificial breeding!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: i dOn’t kNoW, bAbE.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: ThIs iS AlL StArTiNg tO SoUnD A
      LiTtLe...</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: xEnOpHoBiC? :o(</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Xenophobic???</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane narrows her eyes at the disingenuous
      buffoon. This is not the first time she has had a conversation like
      this with him by any stretch of the imagination. Not even someone
      as willfully loathsome as Makara could be this dense. What’s more
      likely is he’s attempting to get a rise from her. To get her a
      little hotter under the collar. To put her in a certain mood.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: I just explained: it’s essential that these
      regulations remain in place so that the human and troll populations
      can remain proportionate.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: It isn’t as if this is an issue comparable to
      racism within a single species, a phenomenon rooted solely in
      spurious cultural stereotypes, junk science and knee-jerk
      bigotry.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: There are objectively real and quantifiable
      biological and behavioral differences between our species, which
      absolutely must be accounted for if we are to live in a harmonious
      society together, where no species holds any advantage over
      another.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I’m trying to <em>prevent</em>
      xenophobia!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: I MaY Be JuSt a sImPlE MoThErFuCkInG
      ClOwN NoT AlL KnOwLeDgE LeArNeD AbOuT ThE InTrIcAcIeS Of hUmAn
      eCoNoMiCs aNd InTeRsPeCiEs DiPlOmAcY, hOnK.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: BuT AlL ThAt pOlItIcAl pOnTiFiCaTiNg yOu
      jUsT SlAmMeD DoWn iNtO My tHiNk pAn...</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: CaN’t HeLp BuT tHiNk It FeElS a LiTtLe
      LiKe ThE bLeAtInGs Of A bItCh WhAt’S aBoUt To GeT aLl Up AnD
      cAnCeLeD.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Canceled??????</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">And just like that, she falls right into his
      trap. There’s no turning back now. The salacious ritual is
      imminent.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Excuse me, I’m sorry. “Canceled”?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Are you even hearing yourself?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Who in the world gave a <em>literal
      insect</em> in <em>clownface</em> like <em>you</em> the authority
      to be “canceling” anybody?</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: ...</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: wOw. HoNk.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Oh, forgive me if I’m a bit nettled to hear a
      drug-addicted clown who murdered half of his friends tell me that
      I—JANE CROCKER—am... am...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: CANCELED?!?!?!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: HeY. yOu kNoW ThAt’s iNsEnSiTiVe.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: aDdIcTiOn iS A DiSeAsE, aNd i cAn’t
      rIgHtLy hElP ThAt mY LuSuS WaS NeVeR ArOuNd tO TeAcH Me rIgHt fRoM
      WrOnG.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Yes, yes, we’ve all heard your sob story,
      Gam—</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: BuT I DoNe gOnE AnD RePeNtEd, NoW, mY
      TaLl fRoStY MaMaCiTa.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: I’M A RiGhTeOuS MaN.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: AnD AlL I EvEr bEeN TrYiN To dO Is gEt
      yOu rIgHt tOo, WiTh mOrAlS AnD GoOdNeSs, AlL fIlLeD uP iNsIdE yOu
      As TiGhT aS yOuR tAsTy HoE bAlLoOnS aRe WiTh HuMaN mOo JuIcE.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: MaYbE WhAt wE NeEd iS A LiTtLe cOmMuNiOn,
      My wIcKeD SuCkLe SiStEr, FlEsH To mOtHeRfUcKiNg fLeSh.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: bRiNg ThOsE hUmOnGoUs BaZoNgAs OvEr
      hErE.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Get your filthy hands off of me!!</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: CoMe oN, mAmA.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: jUsT A LiTtLe hOnK To mAkE It aLl
      bEtTeR.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: No! I’d rather die than touch your disgusting
      clown baton ever again.</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: YoU sAy ThAt EvErY tImE mY bIg BuStY bAbE
      :o)</p>
      <p class="gamzee">GAMZEE: mAkEs A mOtHeRfUcKeR sTaRt To ThInK iT’s
      SoMe MoRe Of ThAt PoLiTiCaL dOuBlEsPeAk Of YoUrS, mY fInE dAiRy
      QuEeN.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: UGH!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">In spite of Jane’s protests, Gamzee makes a
      desperate play for a lusty squeeze. Jane puts up a valiant show of
      resistance, but Gamzee knows she has no real intent of fighting him
      off—it’s all part of the kismetic dance. He has his big clown mitts
      right on her busty bags, honking away.</p>
      <p>As soon as Jane starts screaming, the baby does too. Jake,
      sitting approximately six feet away, bounces the infant a little to
      calm him down.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I say would you mind keeping it down for
      tavros?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: He was sleeping and to be honest i think
      things here are getting a little blue for a baby.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane and Gamzee break apart at once. It’s like
      she’d forgotten that Jake was there at all—she scrambles to cover
      herself properly the moment his voice cuts through the din of
      sloppy, moist honking.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Jake! Darling.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Don’t worry. Th-there’s plenty of attention
      to go around, my love.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Would you care to join us?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Erm its ok i think its time for tavros to be
      fed anyway. Why dont i just take a bottle and get him out of here
      so you two can...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Oh, yes, yes. Gamzee, get him a bottle, won’t
      you?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake, who had been sitting on the other side
      of the couch with sweet baby Tavros in his arms, remains stiff with
      his squalling infant as he waits for Gamzee to carry out his
      commanded task. The clown bends over revoltingly in front of the
      couch, full rump straining against his plush purple briefs, as if
      daring Jake to look away—and he can’t. Jake stares transfixed into
      the full moon of the clown’s buttocks, appearing virtually
      shrink-wrapped by the moist fabric, as Gamzee slowly descends,
      fingers trailing down the entire length of his leg. His codpiece
      bobs between his spread thighs as he grasps the bottle of milk that
      had been knocked to the ground in the fracas. Then he snaps right
      back up with a honk that nearly makes Jake rocket out of his
      seat.</p>
      <p>Jake’s heart is racing so hard he loses focus. He doesn’t notice
      that Gamzee is offering him the bottle until Jane’s angry voice
      wrenches him back to his senses.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Gamzee! That’s been on the ground! Get him a
      clean one.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Gamzee shrugs, and squirrels away the
      half-spilled bottle in his codpiece. He walks off and returns with
      a fresh bottle from the fridge, then hands it over to Jake.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Haha thanks ill just be going now. See
      ya.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake snatches the bottle from Gamzee’s hand
      and all but flees the room in as brisk a walk as he can manage.
      Baby Tavros calms down as soon as the rubber nipple is in his
      mouth.</p>
      <p>But no matter how far Jake walks down the long corridors of
      Jane’s mansion, the lascivious honks echo through the halls like
      the wails of a dolorous ghost. Nowhere is truly safe. Every little
      noise emanating from that cursed living room shoots through Jake’s
      skull like a gunshot.</p>
      <p>As Jake gently bounces the baby in one arm, he takes out his
      phone to text an old friend.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Jade are you there?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: yep!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: whats up?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Can we call?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: sure jake!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade has started up a voice call before Jake
      can even move to do it himself. It’s such a relief to hear her
      voice. It’s something to focus on besides the—</p>
      <p>OHHHH! HONK!</p>
      <p>Jake winces.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: jake!!! its been a while since you
      called!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: is everything ok?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Yep hehe just hunky dory over here. You know
      how it is. Love my lady and baby and all that.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">HONK honk HONK honk.</p>
      <p>HOO HOO HOO, THIS LITTLE PIGGY WENT TO THE DARK CARNIVAL!!!</p>
      <p>honk HONK honk HONK.</p>
      <p>The sound of his wife’s rapturous howling unmoors the last of
      Jake’s composure. He staggers, threatening to spill soft little
      Tavros on his soft little head, killing him forever. It’s not safe
      to stand. So Jake shuts himself into the first empty room he comes
      across and lets himself slide to the ground against the closed
      door.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Anyway whats up with you? Hows life with
      davekat going?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh its great! im really glad i just went for
      it</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: all of us together... it really is the best
      of every world</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: to be honest ive never really felt like i was
      cut out for monogamy you know?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: it seems silly to even contemplate keeping
      all my love for only one person now</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: ive never really believed a person ever runs
      out</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Thats great to hear!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: speaking of...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: how are things going with you and jane and
      err... gamzee</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Haha well its not so much like that for me
      really.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Gamzee is more janeys side piece you
      know.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: We dont...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Im not really...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Well enough about that have you been thinking
      of your plans for the future?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: what do you mean??</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Like you know, starting a family and
      such.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: haha</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: No really. You lot have been together a while
      now. You havent put any thought into the next step?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: You and dave would have some real gangbuster
      babies im sure.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: haha im sure we would!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: but...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: But?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: well...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Not ready for it yet?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: thats not really it</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: id love to have a baby like everybody
      else</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i mean everybodys been having them. i wont
      pretend im not a little jealous</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: but... i dont think its gonna happen with me
      and dave</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: What? Why not?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: If you want i could give that whippersnapper
      a talking to.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Get him to really man up and accept
      responsibility.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: no! its nothing dave is doing! its me</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Huh?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: theres no way me and dave could have a
      regular baby together because im...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Whats wrong?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: well lets just say that after all the sburb
      stuff its done some things to my body</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: like merging with bec mostly</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Have you been trying?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: er... we cant really...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: What do you think your dog genes or whatever
      are keeping you from getting pregnant?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: um</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: not my....... GENES exactly :\</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i dont really want to get into the
      specifics</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Would that rule out a union of an
      ectobiological sort?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i guess not</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: but i dont think any of us are really
      interested in having a kid with ectobiology</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: it just feels...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: well</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i think weve had enough of ectobiology for
      one lifetime!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Heh heh fair enough.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: ive thought about asking rose to help us but
      thats so much to ask...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: What like as a surrogate? To have her carry
      the child for you in her womb?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: yeah something like that</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Goodness. Have you mentioned this to her?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: ummm</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: yes weve talked a little about it</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: What did she say?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: um haha</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i dunno its a tricky subject!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: she didnt say no</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: just that there was... stuff to think
      about</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I see.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: But um... i might be missing something.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: what?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Well dave is roses brother right?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: yeah</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: So if he supplied the fatherhood material,
      wouldnt that be... ?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: lol</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: What? What did i say?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: no jake, dave wouldnt be the father in this
      scenario!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Oh... oh!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Karkat then!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Wait... no. Im confused again.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Arent there biological compatibility issues
      there? I mean with natural birth and not the ecto-whatsit
      machine.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: karkat wouldnt be the dad either!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: What?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: lmao</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: dont worry about it jake</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: look i gotta go ok? it was nice talking to
      you</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: No please dont!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: huh?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Dont go. Please.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: jake are you ok?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Yes im fine. Its just...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Sigh. Nevermind.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: if theres something wrong please tell me</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: im here for you you know that right?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Theres nothing wrong! Sorry.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Im just—</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I feel like weve been drifting apart lately
      is all. Because were all so busy with our new lives and such.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I just wanted to talk to you. Like the old
      times.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: But i wont hold you up if youve got places to
      be.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: jake...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Its ok jade! Ill be ok.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: ok i really do have to go im sorry</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: ill talk to you again soon ok jake? ill call
      you</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Ok. Thank you jade. Im sorry.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: Ok....</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: bye</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade hangs up. Jake releases a rattling
      sigh.</p>
      <p>Honk, honk, honk, honk...</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>