<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Postscript</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s41'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Postscript</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">E</span>lsewhere,
      beyond the horizon...</p>
      <p>A spaceship tears across a starfield at warp speed. Each dot of
      distant light stretches to become a spear, hurtling in the opposite
      direction of the craft faster than any photon ever fired from its
      surface. The ship was brand-new when it departed from Earth C, and
      it doesn’t look a day older now, even though many hundreds of days
      have passed. It seems to be built to look somewhat like a shark, by
      a designer who wasn’t totally sure how many fins a shark hard, nor
      where exactly to stick them on the beast’s body.</p>
      <p>Inside, a hot iron smooths the fabric of an elaborate garment,
      releasing a gentle hiss of steam. At a glance, it looks like the
      top to a god tier costume. But it clearly isn’t standard issue.
      This one is more stylish, more ornate, more... anime? Sometimes one
      finds there simply isn’t another word that will do to describe some
      sick gear. The iron eases the wrinkles out of the icon emblazoned
      on its chest—a hot-pink heart, bisected vertically, hollow in one
      half. A shiny, graceful metal hand puts the iron down, removes the
      garment from the ironing board, and reaches for the pantaloons.</p>
      <p>She isn’t even sure how he gets these things so wrinkly. Perhaps
      it’s all the time he spends training in the hypergravity chamber,
      assuming they’ve got one of those onboard. Then again, there are
      times when he seems so high-strung, he could wrinkle a good anime
      costume sitting perfectly still in an armchair.</p>
      <p>She drapes the pantaloons over the board, then pauses to reach
      for the candy bowl nearby. She doesn’t actually need to eat
      anymore. The entire concept of eating has been upended for her.
      It’s not about sustenance, or even necessarily about enjoying
      certain flavors. It’s more about staying connected to a vestigial
      habit reminding her of the humanity she’s been forced to
      abandon.</p>
      <p>Not just any kind of candy would cut it. The sensors on her
      metal tongue are very particular. Weaker than taste buds and
      arranged differently. These would taste like some combination of
      battery acid and wasabi to a human tongue. But to her the flavor is
      mild, exotic, certainly worth snacking on to pass the time. Human
      teeth wouldn’t stand a chance of cracking these, but hers make
      short work of turning the candy into fine gravel. One of her more
      reckless shipmates chipped a tooth trying one, despite repeated
      warnings to stay away from the stuff.</p>
      <p>The iron hits a snag on the pantaloons, putting an awkward
      crease in the ridiculous, billowing fabric. She curses and puts the
      iron down. She decides “laundry day” is officially over. The guy
      can just wear a wrinkly pair of pants today for all she cares. It’s
      not like he has an audience, despite his best efforts to behave as
      if he did all the time. She doesn’t really enjoy doing laundry or
      ironing silly anime ensembles, and she considers herself nobody’s
      maid. It’s just that there hasn’t been much to do on this ship.</p>
      <p>It’s not like the old days of her long-range interstellar
      travels. That halcyon period riding a meteor across the abyss for
      years, with an atmosphere of camaraderie, feelings of optimism—a
      rewardingly transformative period in everyone’s young life. She
      guesses this is just what things feel like on a long journey when
      you’re older, and with a much smaller crew.</p>
      <p>She turns off the iron, then wanders off down a corridor. It’s
      nothing like the meteor in here. Bright, futuristic. Skaianet does
      build a lovely ship, she has to admit. She turns a corner, and her
      foot kicks something. It’s a stray ruby slipper. The other is about
      ten feet away, down the hall. No sign of their owner anywhere.
      She’d sigh, except she doesn’t breathe anymore. She doesn’t
      consider herself to be <em>her</em> maid either, but she reaches
      down to pick up the slippers nonetheless.</p>
      <p>She enters a room central to the ship, one that she visits now
      and then, possibly for sentimental reasons. Or maybe it’s just to
      creep herself out. Situated near the wall is something that looks
      like a rather elegantly designed iron lung. It’s mostly made of
      glass, with polished silver trim around the sides and base. There’s
      a digital monitor on the wall. She approaches and places her hands
      on the glass with a faint metal clink.</p>
      <p>She used to live in this body. She’s dressed in the same clothes
      she was wearing the day she slipped into the coma. A special tiara
      replaces her typical hairband, lined with blinking transmitters.
      The device beams her awareness directly into her current mechanical
      avatar. She presumes it utilizes the same technology that Jade’s
      grandfather once used to build a dreambot for her, which functioned
      similarly.</p>
      <p>She knows she’ll never be able to inhabit this sleeping body
      again. She honestly can’t decide whether that makes her feel sad or
      relieved. She ponders the future of her old body. Will it all work
      as planned? She has to believe it will. It is the only path to
      achieve permanence for these tenuous bodily accommodations.</p>
      <p>A jarring sound snaps her out of her reverie. It’s an alert,
      beeping urgently from the cockpit. The robot leaves her entombed
      living body and runs quickly through the winding corridors. She
      sits down at the helm and examines the monitor.</p>
      <p>A new planet is within sensor range. She studies the millions of
      statistics all pouring in at once. Her pupil-less eyes take them
      all in simultaneously, her head needing only to move a quarter inch
      from side to side to pan her vision across the data. It’s an
      M-Class planet. The right size, right age, right distance from the
      sun. There’s no advanced life yet. It’s exactly what they’ve been
      looking for all these years.</p>
      <p>Her heart doesn’t beat any faster, because its pace is regulated
      by an internal chip. She consciously accelerates it anyway. It’s
      been a long time since she’s had the occasion to feel exhilarated.
      She’s missed the sensation of the old flesh-ticker acting of its
      own accord.</p>
      <p>The thoughts in her powerful brain race. What will they name the
      planet? How long will it take for the ship to arrive? Once the new
      race has established an advanced enough civilization thousands of
      years from now, who will the lucky kids be? The ones who get the
      chance to play what will arguably be the most important session in
      the history of <em>Sburb</em>?</p>
      <p>She holds her thoughts. They can wait, and there’s much to
      discuss. She taps a button, and lowers her head a little closer to
      a mic on the panel.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSEBOT: Dirk.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She supplies a courtesy pause, as if waiting
      for him to reply. He usually doesn’t.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSEBOT: You’re going to want to come see this.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Enough time goes by that she begins to wonder
      if he’s asleep. But no. It’s just the irritated silence of a man
      who knows he isn’t currently dressed well enough to attend to
      something important.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Are my fucking pantaloons ready yet?</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>