<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 33</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s33'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 33</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">J</span>ohn looks
      up to see Rose waving at him while hanging out the hatch of a troll
      cruiser. John tries to smile at her, but all he can muster is a
      weird, queasy expression. Rose looks glad to see him anyway. She
      drops to the ground when the modest cruiser comes in for a landing,
      followed out, regrettably, by her daughter, Vriska.</p>
      <p>Shit. John flies up to greet them, more quickly than he would
      ordinarily in a situation where he wasn’t trying to divert his
      friend’s and her teenage daughter’s attentions away from a couple
      making out in a bush. He dips forward like he’s going in to hug
      Vriska (to her apparent surprise, due to his historical complete
      lack of desire for any physical contact to be made between them),
      but instead uses his momentum to spin her all the way around so
      that her back is facing the cursed shrubbery in the distance.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Whoa! Hey, Old Man.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: hey vriska, hey rose. nice to see you
      both!</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: John, I—</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John and Rose appear equally surprised
      themselves when Vriska hauls him in to seal the deal with a
      crushing hug of her own.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: haha. geez! hi vriska!</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: Hi John!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: this is great. just great. hey, why don’t we
      just go over here to talk, for like. no reason at all? ha ha.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: O... kay? If that’s what you want.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh yeah, it’s the thing i want most. the view
      on the other side of this ship is just... AMAZING. trust me.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose cocks an eyebrow at him. Behind her, the
      bush releases a strangled, lusty honk.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Was that...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Nevermind.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Vriska, why don’t you go and help your mother
      with the deployments?</p>
      <p class="vriska">VRISKA: UGH. I can’t 8elieve I have to Actually
      Listen to you now that we’re At War.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Run along now, dear.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Thankfully, Vriska heeds her mother’s command
      and heads back to the cruiser. Rose tries to glance back toward the
      source of the suspicious honk, but John pulls her behind the ship,
      beyond audible range of the activity taking place in the offensive
      bush.</p>
      <p>On this side of the cruiser, troops are departing the hold in
      single-file efficiency. They’re all decked out in full Alternian
      military garb. It’s the cool, Tron-looking stuff with the
      luminescent cording that matches their blood colors. Rose is
      wearing it too, John notices, in black and lavender. He gives her a
      concerned look up and down, then holds out his hands, palms up.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: so... i guess this war is really
      happening?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yes.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I understand that you don’t want to be
      involved, and I respect your decision. However, I wanted to speak
      with you before we left.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, thanks. i actually appreciate that a
      lot.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think i would have been pretty bummed if
      you went off to your potential doom without saying goodbye.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: now that i think about it, that’s how this
      all started, isn’t it?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you were so sick that it looked like you were
      dying, and i was about to leave on a perilous mission.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but now, here we are.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s almost like...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: the circle of stupidity is complete?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose laughs.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Don’t be ridiculous John. Nothing is
      complete.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: There is no true ending or beginning in this
      scenario.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ha ha. yeah, right. because this is real
      life, right?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i guess reading narrative relevance into a
      bunch of dumb and totally random events is kind of lame and
      childish.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: No, that isn’t what I meant at all.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: By all means, apply a narrative to our lives.
      Up until a certain point, it would have been perfectly accurate to
      do so.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: But not anymore.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: because... it’s not canon, right?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Do you remember what I told you years ago?
      About the three pillars of canon?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John strokes his chin and thinks very hard on
      this. Maybe too long, because Rose sighs and taps the bridge of his
      spectacles.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: “No” is a perfectly valid answer to that
      question, John.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i just didn’t want to make it look like i
      don’t pay attention to your wordy philosophical babble!</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I philosophically babble rather a lot, or at
      least I used to.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It would be unfair of me to expect you to
      retain nearly three decades of oblique technical jargon regarding
      the metaphysics of the reality in which we inhabit.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wow, we’ve known each other a long time.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yes, we have.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Well.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It would be more accurate to say that we both
      have and haven’t known each other a long time.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: As I explained to you on that morning sixteen
      years ago, there are three critical features of canon:
      essentiality, relevance, and truth.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: We have been untethered from the mooring of
      “truth” for some time now.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: So while we, in our subjective experiences of
      conscious perception, feel in this moment that we have known each
      other for a very long time, technically it’s not true at all.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Contemplating the vastness of that statement
      makes John feel suddenly very small and sad. He shuts his eyes and
      runs a hand through his hair.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh my god, rose. it’s too early in the day
      for this.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I agree.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: And besides, that’s not what I wished to
      speak to you about.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: John.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Look at me.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose wraps her narrow hands around John’s arms
      and pulls him gently toward her. He cracks his eyes open to see her
      face glimmering in the late morning sun. Her eyes are glossy and
      bright in the gleaming light.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I want to thank you.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: for... for what?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: didn’t i fuck everything up by not going to
      fight lord english?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s my fault we’re all living in this
      meaningless hell world where everyone’s vaguely out of their minds,
      and we’re all about to go to war over... freeing prisoners from the
      whipping cream camps!</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Oh, whatever.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: The war is just as irrelevant as everything
      else that’s happened here in the last decade and a half.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: At least with a conflict, we have something
      to DO.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Something to strive for and against.
      Something to believe in.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I’m thankful for that. But more than
      anything, John, I’m thankful that I got a chance to be happy.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I never...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose pauses meaningfully, as if the
      realization is falling into place as she says it.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I never thought I would actually get to be
      happy.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: rose... you weren’t happy before?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: when you married kanaya? before you got sick?
      when we were all together?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose shakes her head. She brushes past John,
      out toward the open field, away from the brewing battle. The land
      is so flat that it rushes out to meet the horizon uninterrupted for
      miles and miles. Rose is a pale flame against the brilliant haze of
      a perfect Earth C morning.</p>
      <p>John doesn’t follow after her. He lets her compose herself
      privately with her back to him. She clasps her hands in front of
      her and raises her head to look at the perfectly blue sky with its
      perfect sun and its perfect clouds, unmarred by the dark storm
      brewing on the planet below.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: In Complacency of th—</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She corrects herself.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: In the silly wizard story I wrote when I was
      a child,</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: The realm most comparable to heaven existed
      in a state of subliminal conditionality, dependent on the inscience
      of the individual experiencing it.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Which is to say that it would cease to exist
      the moment you realized what it was.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: And so, those with knowledge could never
      truly be happy.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">John looks at his hands. The same hands that
      held Harry Anderson when he was a baby. The same hands that tore up
      Terezi’s photograph just a few hours ago. The same hands that
      remember steadying Rose on her sickbed sixteen years ago, and the
      shaking feeling they’d awoken with that morning: a subharmonic
      symphony that can only be heard in the bones. All things that
      remain “true” to him. Knowledge of what came before his choice, and
      then after. There are things that he can’t forget. That he won’t
      forget. Is this the reason he’s felt like this for so many
      years?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: But that isn’t me anymore.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I am blind against the veil of this
      world.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It’s all ambrosia to me.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I don’t care if it’s not true. I care even
      less if it’s not canon.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I have a beautiful wife who I love more than
      I thought possible, and a daughter who I am immeasurably proud
      of.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It can all be senseless, ephemeral noise that
      dissolves in the void. A whisper swept up by the wind before it’s
      uttered.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I’m still grateful to have felt this way.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: So, John...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose turns around, smiling. The smile is calm
      and honest. Her eyes are perfectly clear. There is no other word
      that could possibly do justice to her expression. She looks
      happy.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Thank you.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She comes forward to give him a kiss on the
      cheek. John wraps his arms around her shoulders, pulls her into a
      tight hug, and breathes in the scent of her hair. Whatever the
      truth of the matter is, she still feels tangible and real to him.
      What does it mean to be real, anyway?</p>
      <p>Around them, the first wave of bombs start to go off. Bright
      pinpricks of light and dark that flash and flame out, leaving a
      nanosecond of absolute, dead silence in their wake.</p>
      <p>John’s laughing when they part. They’re enveloped in a cloud of
      smoke and dirt so thick that they can barely see each other.
      Despite what Rose said about there being no ends or beginnings for
      them anymore, it feels very final. And in that moment, he thinks he
      understands. Finality was always up to him.</p>
      <p>He finally decides to allow it.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>