<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy - Chapter 16</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Candy'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s16'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 16</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: hey terezi, guess where i am right now?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: YOUR HUM4N W3DD1NG</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: considering that humans are the only species
      on earth c with the concept of weddings, technically all weddings
      are human weddings, so there’s really no reason to qualify it like
      that terezi.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WH3N D1D YOU G3T SO HUNG UP ON
      S3M4NT1CS</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: when i became a real adult.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: speaking of which, no. i am not at my human
      wedding.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that was months ago!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WH4T</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you forgot!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i thought you said you’d try to make it back
      in time for it.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: JOHN 1 T4LK3D TO YOU Y3ST3RD4Y</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wow.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i knew time moved differently out there than
      it does here, but that’s really something else.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s been almost six months for me.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: &gt;:?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok, well in that case, i guess i can forgive
      you for missing my wedding.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: YOU C4N DO TH4T 1F YOU W4NT BUT 1 N3V3R
      4CTU4LLY 4SK3D FOR YOUR FORG1V3N3SS H3H3H3H3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4ND 1 H4V3 NO 1NT3NT1ON OF
      4POLOG1Z1NG</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: pff, it’s not me you need to apologize
      to.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: everyone really wanted to see you!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: kanaya, dave and karkat have all asked about
      you like, a zillion times.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: R34LLY</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4 Z1LL1ON</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok i’m *obviously* exaggerating for effect,
      but they’ve asked a lot. karkat says you’ve been ignoring his
      messages for literal years at this point.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: actually, now that i’m thinking about it...
      why am i the only one you ever answer?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: ...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, we weren’t even that close, were we?
      not like you were with him.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: DONT OV3RTH1NK 1T 3GB3RT</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: YOU W3R3 JUST TH3 MOST 4NNOY1NG 4BOUT
      B31NG GHOST3D</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: F4R TOO 4NNOY1NG TO 1GNOR3 H3H3H3H3</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: thanks terezi.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’ll have that one put on my tombstone.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: Y3S PL34S3 DO, 1MMORT4L1Z3 MY P33RL3SS
      BRUT4L DUNK1NGS</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 G3T TH3 1MPR3SS1ON TH4T 3V3RYON3 1S
      GO1NG W4Y TOO 34SY ON YOU 1N MY 4BSC3NC3</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh yeah, it’s seriously horrible. i’m
      suffering under all the positive attention from my caring
      friends.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: ...</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: SO</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: HOW *W4S* YOUR...</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: D3FU4LT CULTUR3 P41R M4T1NG 3V3NT</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: my wedding? um...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: good i guess?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: really good actually.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you should have seen roxy. she was so
      beautiful in her dress!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, there were some awkward patches, but
      it was mostly ok.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4WKW4RD P4TCH3S? L1K3 WH4T</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: W4S G4MZ33 TH3R3</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: er, yeah. but he wasn’t that bad for
      once.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: he mostly just hung out by the punch and
      tried to touch jake’s ass.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: jake... oh god, ok see, the worst part was
      when roxy had to throw the bouquet, right?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: jane and jake are kinda, um, together
      now.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: OH GOD</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and she basically ordered jake to catch the
      bouquet “or else.”</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i was seriously afraid for him. and then he
      didn’t even catch it!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WHY D1D SH3 W4NT 1T SO B4D</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1S 1T 3D1BL3?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: whoever catches the bouquet is the next
      couple to get married.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: HUH? 1S TH4T TH3 L4W 1N HUM4N
      CULTUR3?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, no... there’s no law.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: TH3N WH4T SORT OF B1ND1NG CONTR4CT 3X1STS
      SURROUND1NG TH3 BOUQU3T TO M4K3 1T SO D3S1R34BL3?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: none! it’s just a thing humans do for
      fun.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: SO 1TS 4 SUP3RST1T1ON</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’d call it more of a tradition... although
      in the case of jane and jake, superstition might be a more
      appropriate word.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: TH1S STORY H4S 4 LOT OF 3XTR4N3OUS
      D3T41LS</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: YOUR3 R34LLY B4D 4T GOSS1P1NG, DO YOU
      KNOW TH4T JOHN?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: G3T TO TH3 JU1CY B1TS! WHO C4UGHT TH3
      BOUQU3T? &gt;:]</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um, well. it was jade.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...jade, dave and karkat.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4LL THR33 OF TH3M?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: DO3S TH4T M34N...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah. they’re all dating.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: or rather... jade is dating them both.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: dave and karkat haven’t... exactly figured
      things out yet.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and as much as i love jade, i don’t actually
      think she’s helped matters by putting herself in the middle of
      it.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: HMM &gt;:[</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: SOM3HOW TH4T DO3SNT S33M R1GHT</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i know.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and that’s why it was so messed up that jade
      caught the bouquet!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: now i have to pretend to laugh and think it’s
      funny when she makes jokes about being the next to “tie the
      knot.”</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WOW D1D SH3 R34LLY GO FOR TH4T DOUBL3
      3NT3NDR3</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WH4T</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what do you mean?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: N3V3R M1ND</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4NYW4Y SOUNDS L1K3 4 TOUGH L1F3
      3GB3RT</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: H4H4H4H4</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: har har. ok you’re right. things are pretty
      good right now if that’s the worst thing i have to complain
      about.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: things’ll probably work out with those three
      anyway. things always work out between old friends.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: we’ve all known each other for too long for
      anything to cause a permanent rift.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: SO</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1F YOUR3 NOT 4T YOUR HUM4N W3DD1NG R1GHT
      NOW...</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WH3R3 *4R3* YOU?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: huh?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: OH MY GOD 4R3 YOU S3R1OUS, YOU H4V3 TH3
      M3MORY OF 4 CUTTL3F1SH</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: YOU OP3N3D TH1S CONV3RS4T1ON BY 4SK1NG M3
      TO GU3SS WH3R3 YOU 4R3 R1GHT NOW!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m... at the hospital.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: &gt;:0</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4R3 YOU...</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: BL33D1NG? &gt;:]</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what the hell, terezi?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, i’m not fucking bleeding.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: OH</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: TH4TS UNFORTUN4T3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1N TH4T C4S3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4R3 YOU OK?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: heheheh.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: actually, i’m more than okay. i’m great!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m not here for me. it’s for roxy.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: she’s pregnant!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: PR3GN4NT</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it means that we’re going to have a baby!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 KNOW WH4T PR3GN4NT M34NS JOHN!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1T JUST S33MS... K1ND4 F4ST</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well, it’s what happens when people get
      married!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4R3 HUM4NS NOT C4P4BL3 OF H4V1NG S3X
      UNL3SS TH3Y 3NT3R 4 CONTR4CTU4L 4RR4NG3M3NT?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: god damnit terezi.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: W3LL? 4R3NT TH3Y??</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: of course they are!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but... marriage is what makes it special.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: H3H3H3H3H3</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what?!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: OH NOTH1NG</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: YOUR3 JUST SO</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: ...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: let me guess.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: sooo dumb, bluh bluh.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: W3LL TH4T TOO, BUT 1 W4S 4CTU4LLY GO1NG
      TO S4Y</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4DOR4BL3</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...what?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 H4V3 TO G3T GO1NG, 1TS NOT S4F3 WH3R3 1
      4M</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: GO S33 TO YOUR M4T3SPR1T3 JOHN</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1LL T4LK TO YOU L4T3R</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, ok. take care of yourself terezi.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 4LW4YS DO</p>
      </div>
      <p>—</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: hey terezi, i have something to tell you and
      you’re not going to believe it!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 4LR34DY H34RD 4BOUT HOW J4N3 1S D4T1NG
      BOTH J4K3 *4ND* G4MZ33 4ND UNFORTUN4T3LY 1 DO B3L13V3 1T</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 D3F1N1T3LY COULD H4V3 L1V3D W1THOUT
      S331NG TH3 V1SU4L 3V1D3NC3 HOW3V3R</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, i...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wait, how do you know about that?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 L13D 4BOUT YOU B31NG MOR3 4NNOY1NG TH4N
      K4RK4T</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: K4RK4T 1S ST1LL TH3 MOST 4STON1SH1NGLY
      4NNOY1NG P3RSON 1 KNOW</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so you talked to him?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4ND D4V3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: JUST FOR 4 B1T</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: TH1S W4S 4N 1NCR3D1BLY HOT P13C3 OF
      GOSS1P 4ND 1 COULDNT TRUST YOU TO D3L1V3R 1T W1TH TH3 41R OF
      GR4V1T4S 1T D3S3RV3D</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s probably true.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: the whole jake, jane, gamzee thing is
      freaking me out, actually.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean... they’re technically my parents, and
      a version of jane was literally my nanna.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and now she’s... having sex with gamzee.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ugh, nevermind. i don’t even want to think
      about it.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: H4H4H4 1 HOP3 YOU H4V3NT S33N TH3 P1CTUR3
      D4V3 TOOK</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: dave has a picture?!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wait, never mind. i don’t want to know, and i
      definitely don’t want to see it.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: V3RY W3LL, YOUR LOSS</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1T C3RT41NLY 1S SOM3TH1NG TO B3HOLD
      THOUGH, 1 MUST S4Y</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: whatever.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so, what did you think, talking to dave and
      karkat?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: did they seem... happy?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: NOP3</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh my god, i KNOW, right?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: the whole thing is such a mess, it’s hard to
      be in the same room with them these days.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t even know the full story because dave
      won’t talk to me about it anymore, and jade seems to think that
      everything’s going just fine.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: H3H</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: K4RK4T H4D SOM3 CHO1C3 WORDS TO S4Y 4BOUT
      J4D3S L4CKLUST3R BL4CKROM CONDUCT</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so... he doesn’t think the situation is great
      either?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: NO</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: J4D3 1S D3F1NT3LY NOT 1N H4T3 W1TH H1M,
      4ND 1T SHOWS</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, jade doesn’t exactly have a whole lot
      of... hate inside her.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: in fact, it’s probably the opposite.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think she was alone for so long that it’s
      like she stored up this huge reservoir of love and she has no idea
      how to put a dam on it.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think she means well, and in most ways
      she’s really smart, but...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: socially speaking, i think she might
      be...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: kind of an idiot?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: TH4TS PUTT1NG 1T L1GHTLY</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: how does karkat feel?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: H3S NOT C4L1G1NOUS FOR H3R 31TH3R</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1F 1 H4D TO G1V3 MY ASS3SM3NT OF WH4TS
      GROWN B3TW33N TH3M FROM MY BR13F OBS3RV4T1ON OF TH3 S1TU4T1ON, 1D
      D3SCR1B3 1T 4S</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: R3S3NTM3NT</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh no.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: R3S3NTM3NT C4N B3 F1NE 1N 4 SHORT T3RM
      BL4CK 4FF41R 1F TH3 GO4L 1S JUST TO F1LL P41LS 4ND 4VO1D
      CULL1NG</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: BUT 1N 4 SUST41N3D ROM4NT1C R1V4LRY 1T
      W1LL 4LW4YS SP3LL RU1N</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: JUST L1K3 1N 4 C4L1G1NOUS R3L4T1ONSH1P,
      HOW 1TS 1MPORT4NT FOR YOU TO B3 4BL3 TO COMMUN1C4T3 W1TH YOUR
      K1SM3S1S</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: really?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: OF COURS3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4 TRU3 K1SM3S1S 1S JUST 4S MUCH YOUR L1F3
      P4RTN3R 4S YOUR M4T3SPR1T 1S</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: huh. i had no idea.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: not to be culturally insensitive, but i
      thought it was just like, you’d meet up every once in a while to
      do, like...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: “hate makeouts.”</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: JOHN YOU 4R3 B31NG 3XTR3M3LY CULTUR4LLY
      1NS3NS1T1V3</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: sorry!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: YOU C4NT JUST S4Y “NOT TO B3...”
      SOM3TH1NG, 4ND TH3N GO 4H34D 4ND B3 3X4CTLY TH4T</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1T 1S 4UTOM4T1C4LLY PROBL3M4T1C</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m just asking questions!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: X3NOPHOB1C QU3ST1ONS, 1T WOULD S33M</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: man, not you too.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: TOO WH4T?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: pointing out stuff that’s “xenophobic” all
      the time. but in a way where you probably don’t even mean it?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: “DONT 3V3N M34N 1T”</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WHY WOULDNT 1 M34N 1T?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1S CULTURAL S3NS1T1V1TY 4 JOK3 TO YOU</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: er...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m just. all i’m getting at is... you’ve
      been talking to dave a lot, haven’t you?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 K33P MY CORR3SPOND3NC3 W1TH STR1D3R
      W3LL W1TH1N R34SON4BL3 P4R4M3T3RS, JUST L1K3 1 DO W1TH YOU</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: TO B3 HON3ST, MUCH L3SS TH4N YOU</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WHO 3V3N H4S TH3 T1M3 FOR TH3 NONS3NS3 OF
      COOLK1DS TH3S3 D4YS?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: time? you’ve got nothing but time apparently,
      flying around out there for god knows how much longer.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: why don’t you just give it a rest already,
      and come back?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 C4NNOT R3ST WH1L3 TH3 M1SS1ON R3M41NS
      1NCOMPL3T3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: YOU KNOW TH1S</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: seriously, it’s beautiful back here on earth
      c, terezi. so peaceful and harmonious! you should come check it out
      sometime.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1LL P4SS</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4NYW4Y 4S 1 W4S S4Y1NG</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: JUST L1K3 W1TH HUM4N ROM4NT1C
      R3L4T1ONSHIPS, TH3R3 4R3 4LL K1NDS OF K1SM3S1SS1TUD3S</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wow, you changed the subject back so fast, i
      think i got whiplash.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: Y3S</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: SOM3 K1SM3S1S R3L4T1ONSH1PS 4R3 OF TH3
      N4TUR3 YOU D3SCR1B3D</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: BUT NOT 4LL OF TH3M</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: TH3 PO1NT OF 4 K1SM3S1S 1S NOT JUST TO
      M4K3 YOU 4NNOY3D OR 3V3N 4NGRY</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: TH3Y SHOULD PUSH YOU TO B3TT3R
      YOURS3LF</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: TH3Y SHOULD SH1N3 4 L1GHT ON TH1NGS 4BOUT
      YOURS3LF YOU WOULD OTH3RW1S3 1GNOR3 OR D3NY</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: huh.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: is that why...</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WHY WH4T?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: is that why you’re so determined to find
      her?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: ...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it is, isn’t it?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: NO</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: VR1SK4 4ND 1 W3R3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: W3...</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: UGH, 1 C4NT 3XPL41N 1T</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1TS JUST NOT 4S S1MPL3 4S YOUR3 M4K1NG 1T
      OUT TO B3</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: alright.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: B3S1D3S</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: BETW33N US, TH1NGS W3R3 4LW4YS SO...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: weird?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: DR4M4T1C!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4ND 1 TH1NK 1V3 COSM1C4LLY H4D MY F1LL OF
      “DR4M4T1C” BL4CK R3L4T1ONSH1PS FOR 4 LONG T1M3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1F 1 W3R3 3V3R TO DO BL4CKROM 4G41N, 1T
      WOULD H4V3 TO B3 LOW K3Y</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: YOU KNOW... G3NTL3 T34S1NG</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: VAGU3LY 4NT4GONIST1C F33LINGS J4MS</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: SOM3ON3 WHO 1 COULD BOTH TORM3NT 4ND H4V3
      4N HON3ST CONV3RS4T1ON W1TH</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: when you put it that way, i guess maybe it
      doesn’t sound so bad.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: TH4NK YOU FOR YOUR CULTUR4L
      S3NS1T1V1TY</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 H4V3 H1GH HOP3S FOR YOU, 3GB3RT</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: ON3 D4Y, 1 HOP3 TO B3 4BL3 TO 1NTRODUC3
      YOU TO FR13NDS 4ND S4Y, TH1S 1S JOHN. H3S NOT X3NOPHOB1C</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh yeah? well...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: one day i hope to introduce YOU to people,
      and say, hi, this is terezi. she doesn’t suck shit!!!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: &gt;:O</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>