<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 1</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s1'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 1</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">M</span>eat was
      definitely the right choice, you think, as grease drips down your
      chin. The meat is cold and undercooked, so you have to grab it with
      both hands while you rend it apart with your incisors. It bursts in
      chunks, filling your mouth with blood and your throat with mangled
      knots of gristle and long strings of muscle fiber. You take big
      bites, almost too big to swallow, so big that you choke on the
      meaty mulch and hock some of it up into your nasal cavity. You
      sneeze out a gooey rope of phlegm and flesh. You stop for a moment
      to wipe your face, but your chin is still slippery after you swipe
      the mess away. Slivers of meat catch between your teeth as you
      masticate with bestial enthusiasm. You use your thumbnail to fish
      them out.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Finish up.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">Some of the blood has coagulated on the
      surface of the plate. You grab it from Calliope and lick it clean.
      She watches you—calm, placid, alien. Roxy has leaned forward to
      scrutinize your slovenly feasting, her eyes wide and intense. You
      stare back at them with your hands coated in unctuous organic
      matter and flecks of seared skin. The blood on your hands is so
      thin that it’s like oily Kool-Aid pooling in your palm.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Think, suddenly, about all the many
      horrible crimes committed by Lord English.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">God, that guy is the worst. The memory of his
      stupid face and his terrible art and all the abominable misfortune
      he has caused across multiple universes and time lines makes your
      meal start to curdle in your stomach. The meat sits there like a
      big, lardy mass—a black hole bursting the universe apart around it.
      You feel like rocks are churning in your gut and your mouth begins
      to water, hot and sour. The flavor of the afternoon air changes
      around you and it’s too hot, almost suffocating. You swallow back a
      mouthful of pungent bile as your eyes swim and lose focus.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; You know what you must do.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i know what i must do.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Of course you know. What kind of guy would you
      be if you stayed here, when you’re the only one in existence
      capable of completing the grim task? A pretty shitty one, who just
      sneezed up a chunk of raw meat in front of a girl you used to have
      a gigantic crush on.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i have to go back and kill lord english.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: u sure?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think so. it will probably be hard. but i
      think it’s the right thing to do.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: everyone is counting on me.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Roxy pulls back and takes a deep breath. It’s
      a very thin breath, and her bottom lip quivers a bit when she sucks
      it in. She looks disappointed, though you could be misreading her,
      as usual. Calliope looks... well, her face is a permanently
      grinning skull. You’ll be damned if you know what’s on her mind
      either.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i understand</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">No one says anything for some time. A pleasant
      breeze rolls down from the hills. In the distance, the bell tower
      chimes twice. You notice that a group of carapacians have stopped
      to stare at you with beady-eyed fascination. The front of your
      shirt is stained with dark, slimy patches from the meat. Christ,
      why did you have to eat that meat like such a slob?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: so, is that it?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: should i, uh... get going?</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: if this is yoUr decision, then
      yes.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: there’s no time to lose, if the
      choice yoU have made is to matter.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Calliope closes up the picnic basket and
      stands. Roxy follows, taking Calliope’s hand in hers again.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Say goodbye?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok then.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: umm...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: thanks for inviting me to this picnic.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: guess i’ll see you both... when i get
      back?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Neither of them reply. You look from one to
      the other, then back again. A loud belch escapes your mouth,
      catching you completely off guard. The gastrointestinal ambush
      releases an invisible cloud of chewed-up protein odor into the
      public park. The gross ball of muscle roils and snarls in your
      belly like an unruly groundhog, prodded yet reluctant to come out
      and see its shadow. Ugh, <em>why</em> are you thinking about
      this?!</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Hug them, dummy.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">You hesitate a few awkward moments too long.
      When you go to hug them, they’ve already turned away, leaving you
      standing in the middle of the park alone with your arms
      half-raised, cupping the air. It’s so pathetic that the
      eavesdropping carapacians finally scurry away, overwhelmed by their
      secondhand embarrassment. You didn’t even know they could get
      embarrassed.</p>
      <p>You drop your arms and sigh. Time to get on with it.</p>
      <p>Before you leave, you fly back home and take one last look
      around Salamander Village. You breathe in the clean, crisp air,
      listen to the pipes chime, soak up the unfiltered sunlight. You
      then head inside for a wipe down, since it feels like you’ve been
      making face-down snow angels on the floor of an ill-kept
      slaughterhouse. You head to your bathroom and wash all the meat off
      your face. But somehow you still don’t feel that clean. An
      invisible layer of oil seems to cling to almost every square inch
      of your body no matter how hard you scrub.</p>
      <p>You go to your bedroom desk and dig out some stationery.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Write: “dear roxy,”</p>
      <p class="no-indent">You’ve never written a note so quickly, or
      with such clarity of heart and mind. When you’re done, you write
      nine more. Your hands leave grease stains on the paper.</p>
      <p>You leave ten envelopes on your bed, arranged in a tidy circle
      with the names of your ten closest friends written on them. Then,
      with absolutely no fanfare, you leave all of them and this idyllic
      world you’ve created behind and zap yourself back into canon.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>