<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 11</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s11'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 11</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">T</span>hat’s
      that, you think. Your glasses are broken forever, and you totally
      fucked up and underestimated young Lord English. Rose should have
      known better than to trust this to you alone.</p>
      <p>Rose, <em>Rose</em>... your smart, amazing friend Rose, you can
      almost hear her voice now.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Listen closer, jackass.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">Oh, wait. You do hear her voice. Vibrating low
      and muted through the wall of your cell. You’ve only realized right
      now that your cell has walls, because it’s awfully bright in here.
      It’s so white that nothing in the cell is casting a shadow. Looking
      around, you realize there is no apparent source to all this bright
      light, making it hard to tell where the floor ends and the walls
      begin.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: John? John? Are you there?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Her voice is muffled, coming from what you
      presume to be an adjacent room similar to yours on the other side
      of the wall.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, i’m here.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Oh, thank goodness. Everyone’s accounted for
      then. Are you okay?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Are you OKAY?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think so. i can barely hear you though.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You can hear a thud from Rose’s corner, like
      someone slumping against the wall in relief. Well, that’s what
      you’re doing at least.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="jade">JADE: —ay?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah im fine too but this is</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: uh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: this is kinda dorky to say out loud but i
      dont</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: feel... time</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats not just me right you guys feel it
      too</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: or dont</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: yeah</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i mean theres obviously space inside this box
      but i cant do ANYTHING</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: its like im blind</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The noise outside the juju grows. Something
      sharp and metallic splinters above and rains down on the top of the
      chest.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: What did my future self say it was we had to
      do?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: erm... she never rea—</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: WHAT?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: she—</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: I CANT HEAR YOU</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: UM, SHE NEVER REALLY TOLD US WHAT WE HAD TO
      DO, EXACTLY?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: JUST WHAT WAS GOING TO HAPPEN, IN A REALLY
      LOOSE SORT OF FASHION?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: DOES THAT MEAN WE’RE STU—</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The metallic noises rain down harder, drowning
      out Rose’s attempt at being loud.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">PLINK, PLINK, SMASH.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: NOW I CAN’T HEAR YOU!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: TRY USING LESS WORDS</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The length of the silence coming from Rose’s
      corner communicates just how difficult a task that is for her.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: SHE SAID THE JUJU WOULD GET LOADED AND
      UNLOADED.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: WHAT?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: SO, I MEAN, IT JUST GOT LOADED I THINK?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: WITH US.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: SO???</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: SO I DON’T THINK WE’RE TRAPPED IN HERE
      FOREVER.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: WE’LL BE UNLOADED FROM IT... AT SOME
      POINT?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: WHAT?????</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: I KNOW IT’S ALL A BIT ABSTRACT, BUT...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: NO, I JUST CAN’T HEAR YOU!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: JOHN YOU SUCK AT YELLING</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: UGH!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You stop trying to loudly reassure the worried
      teens for a moment, and just think. Now you understand defeating
      young Lord English was never supposed to happen. Not the way Adult
      Rose was implying it would. You surmise the other four teens
      remaining outside the juju were the ones meant to be tasked with
      his defeat. And judging from the cacophony still emanating from
      beyond the walls of this house and its confining chest, they are
      taking the task seriously.</p>
      <p>But what does this mean for the four of you?</p>
      <p>You try to picture what’s going on in the battle outside, but
      it’s not easy.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Use your imagination.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">In your imagination, the battle is quite vivid
      and exciting. The coolness of the action in your mind’s eye is
      belied by the actual sound effects booming all around you, which
      you can only describe as vaguely stupid. There’s a lot of
      hysterical screaming, which, if you’re not mistaken, is coming
      exclusively from the male combatants. There’s a sudden swelling of
      energy that speaks to a vastness behind its power source. Almost as
      if an outrageous bubble of pure Hope were enveloping the stage, is
      how you would describe it if you didn’t mind sounding ridiculous.
      Then you hear... it can’t be. Horses?? No, not simple horses of
      flesh and bone. These horses are metal, if we’re to believe they’re
      horses at all.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Stop using your imagination.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">This isn’t getting you anywhere, and clearly
      your silly imaginative whims aren’t doing the slightest bit of
      justice to the actual awesome things taking place out there in the
      heat of battle. Frankly, your theorized skirmish lost the handle on
      any legitimacy it might have had the moment you started thinking
      about horses. You figure no one will ever truly know what’s
      happening out there. You doubt anyone would even be able to handle
      how incredible the raw, unfiltered account of this teen brawl
      actually was, so it’s probably for the best.</p>
      <p>As you slip out of your fanciful conjecture, which may or may
      not have included a mechanical horse ambush, you overhear Dave from
      one of the rooms below you, raising his voice to speak to either
      you or someone else. You’re not sure. You place your ear to the
      floor again.</p>
      <p>He’s speaking to Jade. They’re attempting to reminisce again, to
      the best of their ability to do so while shouting through a wall.
      Once more you ruefully reflect on these teen versions of your
      friends, and all the questions they must have for you. For each
      other. What would you even say to them?</p>
      <p>Would you want to tell them about the happy outcomes, knowing
      they might never get the chance to experience those things for
      themselves? Would you tell them the sad outcomes, thus reinforcing
      their insecurities and suspicions that they may never truly be
      capable of living happy lives? You’re not even sure you could
      handle it, if you were Teen John. You’d have too many follow-up
      questions, which Adult John is in no way prepared to answer. Would
      you tell them what’s up with Roxy and Calliope, again having no
      real grasp yourself over what’s up with them? Would you tell them
      Dave and Karkat... uh... live in a hive together watching TV all
      day, and Jade maybe kinda sorta lives there too, but nobody quite
      knows what’s really going on with that? Would you tell them about
      Terezi...</p>
      <p>For some reason her name feels like nails in your heart. Makes
      sense, you guess, cause there’s a lot of sharp letters in it. She
      had sharp teeth too, and sharp elbows. Sharp words. Terezi Pyrope
      was a sharp girl, and maybe what these sharp feelings are trying to
      tell you is you miss her more than you realized.</p>
      <p>She wouldn’t have let you neglect relationships with certain
      friends for so long that you missed whole chapters of their lives.
      She wouldn’t have put up with you moping around with the
      salamanders for so long. She would have kicked your ass for being
      such a loser about everything. She would have poked you in the
      forehead and called you insufferably lame and told you to pick up
      the damn phone. You would have called her a weirdo and pretended
      you hated it, and maybe you would even have believed you hated it.
      But now, sitting here in this little white cubicle, contemplating
      your regrets, you don’t think you’d have hated it much at all.</p>
      <p>Would you tell the teens that?</p>
      <p>You’d probably never tell anyone that. Not even her.</p>
      <p>Another arbitrary thought hits your brain, completely unrelated
      to the subject of Terezi, or what you would or wouldn’t tell a
      bunch of incarcerated teens, or so you think.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: am i... depressed??</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You ask aloud, quietly enough that your
      friends cannot possibly hear it. All the question does is crawl
      back down your throat and burrow into your gut like it lives there.
      And it does live there, because as it turns out, you are really
      fucking depressed. You’re just a giant, wet meat sack of
      self-involved misery, and all that big, wet, meaty ooze drips out
      your mouth every time you open it. All the time and space in the
      world isn’t making it better. It’s something you should have been
      doing for yourself, instead of waiting around for things to get
      better.</p>
      <p>Well, screw waiting! It’s boring as hell! You are JOHN EGBERT,
      after all, immortal CREATOR OF WORLDS, the one and only man ever to
      completely transcend the partitions of CANON ITSELF. You’ve got
      these powers, remember?</p>
      <p>You hold up your hands and form a rectangle with your fingers
      and reach outside yourself, outside canon, to the place your retcon
      powers come from. You focus. You strain. You contemplate with all
      your might a place you can zap to, any place but here.</p>
      <p>You wait. And wait. And wait and...</p>
      <p>Nothing happens.</p>
      <p>You slump back down against the wall, and your despondence
      eagerly greets you again. Like an old friend ready to pat you on
      the back and say, good try man. I’ll always be here for you, when
      you fail. Thanks dude, you think.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: ROSE WAS RIGHT.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: WHAT?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: THE JUJU HAS TO UNLOAD.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: THE WHAT... HAS TO WHAT??</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: THE ONLY WAY OUT OF HERE...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: IS FOR US TO WAIT FOR SOMEONE TO LET US
      OUT.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: SORRY GUYS.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: OH.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ALSO...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: I THINK I MIGHT HAVE DEPRESSION?</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>