<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 18</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s18'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 18</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">Y</span>ou wake
      up.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">You open your eyes. Actually, you’re not
      sure they’re open. Everything is intolerably bright, like it was
      inside the juju, but worse. Did you go blind? Are you dead? Is
      your... <em>ghost</em> dead?</p>
      <p class="dirk">You spend a couple seconds filing through miserable
      worst-case scenarios, but then you see it: your own blood, floating
      around you in a nimbus of shiny, taut bubbles. You reach out to
      touch one and it bursts around your finger.</p>
      <p class="dirk">You finally process the true magnitude of what has
      happened. The Furthest Ring has been completely destroyed. And
      you’re all alone.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Everything hits you all at once. The light, your
      memories of the battle, the untethered sensation of weightlessness.
      It’s a hammer stroke that hits you in the center of the head. It
      splits like rivers through your gray matter. That pain and
      disorientation goes all the way down your throat. You double over
      and...</p>
      <p class="dirk">Well, you’re vomiting up everything in your
      stomach. Rest assured, it’s pretty gross, and I don’t think anyone
      needs an explicit account of the way you’re disgorging your entire
      gut in zero gravity or the way it’s coating your entire torso in
      puke, from your long blue hood to your silly yellow slip-ons.</p>
      <p class="dirk">You seriously need to get it together. You look
      like absolute shit right now, my man. In fact, you really should
      strongly consider issuing an apology for the mess you’re
      making.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m sorry.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Who are you talking to, dude? Nobody’s
      around for miles. Everyone’s dead. Well, almost everyone.</p>
      <p class="dirk">But certainly the vast majority of what qualifies
      as “everyone” in your current frame of reference. Every single
      person and every single thing, nearly literally, has been sucked
      into that monstrous black hole up there. Including every single
      fragment of black, empty space that used to provide the canvas for
      this bleak continuum. And most of your friends—Rose, Dave, absurd
      Cat Dave, and hundreds of ghosts, who all valiantly contributed to
      a victory which you’re only now beginning to question the
      functional necessity of.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: functional... necessity?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that... that doesn’t sound like something i
      would think.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">That’s because it’s not.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">You’ve finally noticed.</p>
      <p class="dirk">No, not me. You go back to ignoring the fact that
      I’m the voice in your head. You noticed how it hurts when you
      breathe. Suddenly you remember: Lord English’s tooth is still
      embedded in your chest. You panic, wrap your hands around the base,
      and give it a little tug. It’s excruciating. The tooth makes an
      awful grating sound as it grinds along one of your ribs. You gasp
      and lose your grip, biting the inside of your mouth so hard that
      you taste blood.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Can’t blame you for trying, but I wouldn’t do that
      if I were you. Without someone to administer proper medical care,
      you’ll bleed to death pretty much instantly. On the other hand, the
      tooth is poisoned. So you’re pretty much fucked either way, and
      that’s really all there is to say on the matter.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">You sigh in painful resignation, and
      wonder what to do next. English is dead, so you suppose you can go
      home, right? It’s tempting. You consider zapping back to Earth C,
      being done with this nightmare for good, and never breathing a word
      of it to anyone ever again. But you can’t yet, can you?</p>
      <p class="dirk">Why not, you wonder? What’s the harm? You’re right,
      it would probably be a harmless decision, in the grand scheme of
      things. Certainly the easiest thing to do. But what about your
      friends? You saw Rose and Dave die with your own eyes. You saw
      countless ghosts getting swallowed whole by a voracious
      singularity. How about Jade though? She could still be out there
      somewhere, injured, alone, scared. And it’s your fault, isn’t
      it?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s all my fault.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">You decide that no matter how terrible
      you feel, you should look around first before you leave. You were
      the one who dragged her here. You owe her at least that much. Plus,
      there’s someone else on your mind, isn’t there?</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">You proceed to wander for a long fucking
      time. Time passes differently here than it does for everyone else.
      Here, I’ll simulate it for you. I just left to go take a piss. Then
      I microwaved myself a hot pocket. Then I came back. In the time it
      took me to do that, you just spent hours drifting around the entire
      circumference of the black hole thinking sad-sack thoughts about
      the years of inaction that led you to this point, intermittently
      humming the <em>Ghostbusters</em> theme to yourself. You get so
      worked up about one of your <em>GB</em> freestyles that you almost
      miss it.</p>
      <p class="dirk">There. Eleven o’clock. Do you see it? It’s that
      tiny dot floating over there.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">You scramble to catch it before it drifts
      any closer to the event horizon. <em>Got it</em>. What the
      hell?</p>
      <p class="dirk">It feels familiar, but you want to make sure you’re
      not imagining it. A wallet. Your <em>dad’s</em> wallet. You chew
      your lip and press your fingers into the soft leather. Space is an
      infinitely large expanse and a wallet is a tiny, insignificant
      object. Sure, there have been crazier coincidences in the course of
      this wacky adventure you’ve been having for the past ten years, but
      this one feels very precisely aimed at your heart.</p>
      <p class="dirk">You take a deep breath, unfold the wallet, and open
      it.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>