<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 6</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s6'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 6</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="Command">&gt; Look up.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">The sky is really blue. But it’s a different
      kind of blue than Earth C’s sky; it’s <em>less</em>, somehow, like
      someone took a photo of the sky and turned the contrast down a
      little, just enough to make the clouds blend into the horizon. That
      is to say, it isn’t the kind of sky promised by a paradise planet.
      Just an ordinary one. You realize suddenly how much you’ve missed
      the ordinary, as opposed to the supposedly perfect.</p>
      <p>You’ve been away from home almost as many years as you lived
      there. It’s not just the sky. Everything else is exactly and
      nothing like you remembered it: the scent of damp grass, the
      quality of the air, the solitude. There’s nothing but white houses
      and maple trees as far as the eye can see. A woodpecker raps away
      incessantly at the tree with the tire swing outside your old
      bedroom window.</p>
      <p>You couldn’t think of anywhere else to go, so you and your
      little army are sitting in a circle in your old backyard exactly
      one week before the meteors hit. It’s you, Rose, Dave, Jade, and
      all four of your teenage progenitors, each dressed in god tier
      garb. No trolls. No one who can die from anything less than a
      heroic sacrifice. At least, this is what you assume to be the
      reasoning for Rose’s instructions to assemble your party this
      way.</p>
      <p>Wind slices down the street, between the neat rows of bungalows.
      It’s chilly, carrying air from the mountaintops with it. Even that
      feels different. The wind moves through you now, under your skin
      and right into your bones, skimming their hollows the same way it
      does the homes of your salamander neighbors, or the open mailbox in
      front of your childhood house.</p>
      <p>The smell of a cake baking wafts from the open window and the
      sick stench of browning sugar fills the yard. You used to hate that
      too, but now it makes you want to—</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Dude, don’t cry in front of all the cool
      teen versions of your friends.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">You hold back your tears with a big, ugly
      snort. Jake is sort of ruining the mood anyway by bouncing away on
      your old Green Slime pogo. Doesn’t he realize how dangerous that
      thing is? Of course not. The fool.</p>
      <p>Dave fractures the silence by broaching a subject that’s on
      everyone’s mind but yours, apparently.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so whats gonna happen to everyone we left in
      the wrecked time line</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh, well.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t know actually. i’ve been to that time
      line four times now and it always pretty much goes to shit.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: This has been bothering me as well. Is Kanaya
      going to be ok?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: And by Kanaya, I guess I mean...
      everyone?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah what about karkat</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and terezi</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and the MAYOR??</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh my god!!!!!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: actually dave, i hate to say it but...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i think john might have actually saved the
      mayor by bringing us all here?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what could that possibly even mean</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i just remembered......</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: before john zapped us all here, and
      unbrainwashed me</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: .....i think i was going to kill the mayor
      :(</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wtf jade no</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jade that is seriously uncool</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i KNOW!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i was gonna kick him right into the lava!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: that is fucked up on so many levels i dont
      even know where to begin</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its like an escher staircase of cartoon
      villainy</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i got nothing</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its so</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: grimbark? :B woof woof</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jesus no jade its stone cold evil</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i cant believe you just said that shit and
      then woofed at me</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i cant</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i cant even look at you right now</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh, everyone, can we...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Everyone turns to look at you immediately,
      like you’re an authority. Which you kind of are. You are struck
      with the sudden and uncomfortable realization that you are the only
      adult in the yard. You’ve never felt like an adult until this
      moment. Eighteen came and went and nothing really changed except
      that you’re pretty certain you could grow a bitchin’ mustache now
      if you wanted. And you might even have one by now, if you didn’t
      feel a sense of duty to uphold the sacred Egbert family tradition
      of shaving at least once per day, even if it isn’t really
      necessary. You owe at least that much to the memory of your
      departed father.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: let’s chill out for a minute. i’m sure this
      is all very confusing to all of you.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: about the time line you’re leaving behind...
      yeah, i get it. it’s weird.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’ve already left one major time line behind.
      well, two if you count the one i just came from, where we’re all
      adults.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: the truth is, i have no idea what happens to
      these time lines and all the people living in them, when i just...
      zap out of them, to use my retcon powers to change stuff?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: they might stop existing completely. i don’t
      know.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: the thing is, we can’t really think about
      it.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s tough, but if we’re all acting like
      heroes here, and trying to do the right thing, then we have to put
      it all behind us.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s a sacrifice we’re making.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, we’re risking our lives by fighting a
      powerful monster, sure.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but the sacrifice i’m talking about... is
      saying goodbye to the life we thought we belonged to, and all the
      people in it.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: probably forever.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it sucks, and i’m sorry i had to ask this of
      you all.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but there’s no other way.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: everyone who has ever existed, and will ever
      exist, is counting on us... i think?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Shrug.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">It’s all you can think to do to punctuate your
      speech of lukewarm inspirational value. Judging from the confused
      looks from the others, all of them may share your assessment of
      your own oratorical skills, except for one person. She’s perked up
      at your spiel, regarding you with alert and admiring eyes.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: damn</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: john uh</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i know we just met and all but</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: that was a fine ass speech and idk if i speak
      for the rest of my peeps here but im fuckin psyched</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lets do this shit</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She *wonks* at you.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You weren’t prepared to get passively hit on
      by the Definitely Not Legal version of a girl you used to have a
      crush on at the age she was when you first met her, only a few
      hours after you watched the Actually Legal version of her engage in
      passionate hand-holding with her possibly aromantic skeleton alien
      monster girlfriend. You start to sweat, and again the unwelcome
      odor of undercooked meat emanating from your body makes itself
      known to your nose.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, um. thanks.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: anyway, we need to make battle plans.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You quickly distance your mind from any
      additional discomfiting thoughts about your old and semi-ex flame,
      and propel yourself into a wildly unrehearsed tactical planning
      session. You review each of your abilities, strengths, and
      weaknesses, and then cobble together a reasonably sound approach to
      besieging a young and bratty version of Lord English by way of
      surprise attack. The planning is mostly disorganized and
      structureless, although some common themes that often recur involve
      you and your original three friends leading the charge, since you
      are the oldest and wisest, and therefore the strongest, with the
      exception of Jade, whose gaudy array of powers make her the most
      formidable of the group, bar none. Aside from that, it appears the
      consensus is that the melee will likely devolve into an absolute
      free-for-all—at least going by the general patterns of incoherent
      banter, shit-talking, and points of pedantic tactical disagreement
      plaguing the jam session. You overhear someone making mention of...
      a huge, gay hope bubble? That can’t be right, but you didn’t catch
      who said it. A flamboyant pink spell? Yeah, this conversation is
      off the rails now.</p>
      <p>At the precise moment you believe the meeting has outlasted its
      usefulness, Jake does you the favor of effectively pounding the
      gavel for adjournment by rocking back a bit too far on your lawn
      pogo and launching himself over the top of the ride on the next
      bounce. He face-plants right into the dirt.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Jeepers!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dirk goes to help your yard clean the Jake off
      its dirt. Jade follows, to help out. It seems she wants to chat
      with Jake, considering it’s the first time they’ve met, from her
      perspective. Some eruptions of chatter can be heard from other
      members of the group. It’s easy to forget, since the reunion
      between your friends and all your young relatives happened so long
      ago from your point of view, but this is all quite novel to
      everyone here. They’ve hardly had a moment to process it, since
      your plan to drag them all off to fight Lord English has
      understandably stolen the thunder of an otherwise poignant
      homecoming. Poor kids, you think.</p>
      <p>You decide to give the teens some space to work through their
      shit before you take off to save the universe. You end up wandering
      all the way around to the other side of your house, and back, until
      you reach a window facing the neighbor’s fence. You can see
      straight into your dad’s study from here. You go still. Feet rooted
      to the ground, heart hammering in your ribs. Your dad’s sitting
      right there, smoking his pipe and operating his
      professional-looking, boring, gray PDA. He’s got the kitchen timer
      set up on his desk, and you can hear the notes of his favorite
      fatherly jazz album filtering out through the window, which is open
      only an inch.</p>
      <p>The sun is hitting the glass in such a way that you can’t see
      his face.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; This is probably the last time you’ll ever
      have the chance to talk to him...</p>
      <p class="no-indent">The urge is overwhelming. But you can’t, and
      not just because your feet won’t move and your throat is closing
      up. It’s just that... it would be a really bad idea to bother him.
      It would totally freak him out, to have an adult version of his son
      show up out of the blue and knock on his window like a creep. He
      probably wouldn’t even recognize you.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Fair enough. It’s time to go, John.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">You return to the backyard. Your teen friends
      have split off into genetically segmented groups: Roxy and Rose
      sitting in the grass, Jade and your shared ecto-parents laughing
      together by the Green Slime pogo, and the Striders leaning against
      the farthest fence, with a tense foot and a half of space between
      them. It’s heartwarming. But something doesn’t feel right about it
      to you, possibly for selfish reasons. It’s the selfishness of your
      own perspective, of wanting the memories you had of the reunion
      between all these people to be the most notable and legitimate
      manifestation of this event. To see the moment echo, or play out
      all over again, to overhear the heartfelt confessions repeat
      themselves... It feels cheap. To you, that is. To the man who lived
      through it all before and selfishly doesn’t want to have the memory
      tarnished with a tawdry reprisal, an exhibition of counterfeit
      emotional catharsis among pale shadows of those you care about most
      in the world.</p>
      <p>You wonder. Do you see these teen versions of your friends as
      “real”? Are you treating them, at Rose’s behest, as simple puppets?
      Doing your part to insist they fill friend-shaped recesses in an
      essential plan to stabilize all else that can be considered
      important, a distinction no longer applying to them? Do you care at
      all about whatever fate it may be that you are sentencing these
      children to? Are you becoming as complicit in the fatalistic evils
      of Paradox Space as Lord English himself? Are you becoming a
      monster, John Egbert?</p>
      <p>You can’t bear to watch them bond any further than this. Nor can
      you tolerate another moment of your self-incriminating reverie. You
      wait one more minute before breaking it up, but not a second
      longer.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh, hey kids...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Please, Adult John, don’t do that.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose gets up from the grass, elegant as a fold
      in paper, and brushes down her skirt. She tilts her head at you,
      looking very much like your Rose did when she saw you off that
      morning. It’s obvious that she’s trying very hard to hide her
      apprehension.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Is it time to go?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, if you want to be technical. i can zap us
      in wherever, whenever. we have all the time in the universe if we
      want it.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: But if we don’t leave now, you’re afraid we
      never will?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: heh.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">After all these years, in the reverse
      direction, she still has your number.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i guess it’s true that people don’t really
      change. they just grow up?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose gives Roxy a strange look, appearing to
      silently acknowledge an entire conversation that has been taking
      place, using a great volume of words that aren’t being spoken.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I guess.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She smiles.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Get the show on the road.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: okay everyone... i’ve never zapped this many
      people before so let’s all just...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh, hold hands, maybe? in a circle, i mean.
      that should work.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: god this is so lame</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: its not lame its perfect!!!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: nah</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: shh!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: alright. is everyone ready, then?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Only Jade says yes enthusiastically. Everyone
      else takes a deep breath and looks around at each other. Hands are
      taken, some tentatively, some firmly. When all sweaty teenage palms
      are correctly clasped, you place your own hand on Jade’s shoulder
      and concentrate on where you need to go.</p>
      <p>The last thing you hear before zapping away is your dad’s
      kitchen timer going off in his study.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>