<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 32</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s32'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 32</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">R</span>oxy is
      nervously dialing rose’s number repeatedly. then they try kanaya.
      considering rose’s failing health, roxy hates to bother her, but
      they aren’t sure who else to call regarding jade’s unexpected
      trance. their finger hovers over dirks number for a moment, but...
      no. that would not be a good idea. they don’t know why they
      suddenly think it’s a bad idea. it just is.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">roxy’s anxiety fills up the room, like a
      bell struck in an empty hall. their thoughts, usually so quiet,
      invisible to those observing from the vantage of a higher textual
      plane, now chime loudly in the presence of a black hole. or rather,
      in the presence of a proxy for such a vortex of pure void. a proxy
      such as jade’s mind, at the moment.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">jade floats over the couch in a sitting
      position, an inch above the cushions. her long hair billows around
      her, her hands crossed in her lap. her black eyes bore into the
      nothingness, looking beyond the wall she faces, and beyond
      everything past it, through the very fabric of narrative itself.
      they scan the ciliary veins of pacing, motivation, foreshadowing,
      irony—a continuum that has been upended by the prince’s
      interference.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">rose still does not pick up.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">roxy resigns themself to a confidant of
      last resort. their reluctance is not due to lack of fondness. their
      conversations with dave simply have a reliable habit of straying
      far from the desired topic for extended periods of time. he picks
      up on the third ring.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yo</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: love to chat but im kinda in the middle of
      something</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yo yourself but this is important</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: uhhh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: more important than salvaging the global
      economy from potential disaster??</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: sounds hugely unlikely</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">dave is currently making his way
      through the backlot of the new cantown memorial stadium, following
      jake as he heads toward the podium. he is scheduled to give a
      speech announcing his official endorsement of karkat vantas in his
      bid for the presidency.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: idk about that</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: in terms of scale and relativity and stuff
      maybe not</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its actually kinda hard to tell</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i guess in the grand scheme of things</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: shes just takin a sort of nap</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but its one HELL of a nap bro</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: a nap you say</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: well this changes the fuck out of
      everything</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yea??</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: nah</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">it’s a balmy, windless evening
      on dave’s end. the gathered crowd is relaxed by the warmth. many of
      them partake in the pleasure of a cool treat, such as earth “iced”
      cream.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">Jesus fuck, this is
      excruciating.</span></p>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">it isn’t. <span class="dirk type-bs type-hs-bottom">Yeah it is.</span> no. it is not.
      <span class="dirk type-bs type-hs-bottom">Okay. Whatever the
      fuck you say.</span></p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">the audience is large and diverse. mostly
      trolls and carapacians, but it is dotted with representation from
      the human and consort kingdoms as well. a lopsided distribution,
      certainly, but the very model of diversity compared to the crowds
      of his opponent. it is a true inspiration to all those who have
      placed their faith in the vantas ticket.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">Lord save me from this fake woke
      nightmare.</span> <span class="calliope-dead">be quiet.</span>
      <span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">No.</span> <span class="calliope-dead">yes.</span> <span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">Let me fucking say stuff again.</span>
      <span class="calliope-dead">no.</span></p>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">dave stops walking, and cups a
      hand around his phone in order to hear roxy over the chatter of the
      crowd. karkat shoots him a curious look, but dave waves at him in a
      manner which signals to karkat that he should attempt to stall.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk" style="margin:15px 0"><span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">You want to keep shutting me down? Fine. But check THIS shit out.</span></p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lmao dirk just texted me about this</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: somehow he found out about jade did u tell
      him</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: uh no</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: he just said make sure she gets lotsa
      daylight</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: that itll help with the “exorcism she
      needs”.....</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and also to say hi to calliope for some
      fuckin reason??</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats weird</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: since when does he give a fuck about them</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: idk</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: guess ill just open the damn curtains and let
      some light in here</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: he usually knows stuff about weird things</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so whats wrong with her again</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: some sort of demonic nap</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ok i wouldnt say shes NAPPING per se</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: shes just like</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: floatin here... upright</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: eyes wide open</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and theyre both pitch black</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh so she saw one of my latest sbahj campaign
      ads</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lol</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: no dude</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: like what im sayin is</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: she looks a lil possessed</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: by uh</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: grim spirits n shit</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: is she fucking grimbark again</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: no!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: this isnt grimbark</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i KNOW what grimbark is dave this aint it</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: it seems more serious tbh??</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: like existing in some transformative state
      that isnt a literal fuckin joke</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ok yeah this does sound pretty bad</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but its not really my field</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: did you try calling rose</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yea that was totes my original plan</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: like no offense ur not #1 on my speed dial
      when it comes to this kinda thing</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but rose isnt picking up</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: probly on account of ailments to be fair</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i called an unruly number of times</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and kan wasnt picking up either so...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: huh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: spooky</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hella spooky</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: somethin about all this seems wrong</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah i guess</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what do you think is up</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: idk</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i feel like theres something movin just out
      the corner of my vision but every time i turn to look at it</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its gone</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its givin me chills rn like im being
      watched</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: well im no fucking ace detective</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: or some gumshoe flatfoot dicking up the place
      suckin hard on my sherlock pipe like some sleuth of the fucking
      year</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: dave</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but maybe we should consider the possibility
      that you are literally being watched</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ..............</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anyway can we hold that wise and rad thought
      i just had</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i gotta give karkat some emotional
      support</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: since gettin jake on our side was a pretty
      huge fucking bonanza for us</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: which has almost equal probability of winning
      us the election as it does blowing up in our faces depending on
      this speech he gives</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so we gotta like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: concentrate here?????</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: instead of jerking each other off all god
      damned day for the rest of our lives</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: (im just joking we dont actually do that)</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: oh</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">roxy clutches a hand around
      their knee, nails digging into their pants. they feel uneasy about
      jake’s sudden lack of neutrality in this political matter. they
      have never been certain that it is appropriate for any of them to
      be involved with the structures of power and governance in a world
      they created, and in which they have been regarded as gods since
      they first appeared.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk" style="margin:15px 0"><span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">Really? That’s what she thinks? Huh. Couldn’t for the life of me read what was going on inside her head. But this is very interesting, actually.</span></p>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">their thoughts are of no concern
      to you. also, the pronoun they use is “they.” try to respect
      it.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk" style="margin:15px 0"><span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">How can I respect a fucking pronoun when nobody can even hear me? How about we call a truce and end this petty feud. This is your one and only chance to accept.</span></p>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">no.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: jakes on ur side then?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wasnt that hard to convince him after your
      girl j crock started slut shaming him on public access</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: god dammit jane</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so i take it jade didnt convert you to our
      cause before going into her gothic trance fugue or whatever</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: siiigh</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i just want this whole stupid political thing
      over n done with tbh</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i hate watchin u guys tear each other apart
      in the news</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah sorry about that</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: sorry its making you feel bad i mean</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: not sorry that were doin it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: itd be an unconscionably lame move to put
      something on a billboard that i didnt 100% stand by</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but that sounds suspiciously like something
      jane would do</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: aka the bad guy in this situation</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like objectively speaking</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ugh pls dont start</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: just sayin</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: idgAF!!!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: also</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: aside from how vehemently i disagree with
      every detail in janes shitty platform</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i also think</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: karkats the right guy for the job</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: full stop</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">despite their mixed feelings on
      the election, and the troubling sight of jade’s wide, black eyes
      glaring intensely at nothing at all, roxy smiles at what they hear
      from dave. the way he talks about karkat reminds roxy of the way
      calliope looks when they call them beautiful.</p>
      <span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">Oh, so she really does think Calliope is beautiful? Like, she wasn’t just saying that to be nice? Fascinating.</span>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">yes, is the resounding answer.
      calliope <em>is</em> beautiful, roxy thinks. and furthermore, they
      think they should be reminded of this fact every day.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">Lol.</span></p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: you rly believe in him dont u</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: of course i do</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: because i...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">Love him? Come on, man. Just say
      it.</span></p>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">roxy listens for a moment after
      he trails off. they do not speculate or comment on his feelings
      toward karkat, because it is none of their business.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">Pussies. I’m surrounded by fucking
      pussies.</span></p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hey before you jet can i ask you another
      question</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: theres somethin else ive been meanin to ask u
      about for a while</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: uh alright shoot</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">they take a deep breath.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yea soooo</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: dave how did you come out</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: like as not being straight</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: howd you couch that to ppl w/o them freakin
      out or being awkward around u</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: do u think its ever too late to</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: idk</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: change ur mind?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: about the person you wanna be??</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: like is there a some point of no return you
      can cross where everyone is waitin for u to have a big ass
      revelation about your internal character</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but its like “dude no u already used up all
      ur gay capital when u started datefriend cohabitating w a cute as
      hell skeleton alien”</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and anything after that ur just gettin
      greedy</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: is greedy even the right word</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: greedy for droppin bombshells</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: bout gender identities and sexual
      preferences</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: or ids n preffies as i like to call em ;)</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ids n preffies</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: damn</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats fucking good</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">dave thinks on the question.
      it’s one he’d considered years ago, and many times since. how long
      can one stall on a confession before it feels like it’s too late?
      the last seven years have passed by in fits and starts, in this
      regard. he thought he had it all figured out when he was sixteen.
      and then again when he was eighteen. and then at twenty. and
      now...</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk" style="margin:15px 0"><span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">That’s because he needs me. He’s suffering without my guidance. If only you’d stop being so cruel and let me help.</span></p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anyway uh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats a pretty deep question considering all
      the shit we have going on right now</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yeah ur right</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: now is probs not the best time for a feels
      jam</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: especially with the creepy jade situation
      happening on my couch here</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i dunno if id worry too much about that</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jade goes into trances literally all the
      time</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: she fucking loves sleeping</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: youd think someone who spent so much of her
      life locked in a state of dubiously consensual slumber would wanna
      get as few zees as possible in her adult life but not jade</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ive never known anyone who hits the snooze
      button more times in a row than her</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: if youre that worried take her to a
      hospital</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: im thinkin about it!!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: not even sure if i wanna like</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: mess with her tho?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: how would i even take her there...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ok well while you ponder whether you wanna
      dump jade in a wheelbarrow and trundle her groggy spooked-up ass to
      the hospital</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: in the meantime ill rap at you about my
      epiphany concerning the desire to bone some dudes</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: probably not a literal rap though</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: wow im disappointed</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean i could TOTALLY rap about wanting to
      bone dudes if i wanted?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: im just on the fuckin clock here and theres
      lots of people lookin at me</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: :(</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">dave, suddenly self-conscious,
      slips around the corner of the stadium, so he can non-literally rap
      at roxy about delicate human lgbt issues. he also maneuvers away
      from the impatient, strained looks karkat has been shooting him
      repeatedly during his phone call. luckily, jake has begun a
      performance of his signature booty-bumping charleston for the
      crowd’s entertainment, so they will be satiated for another few
      minutes.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ok so</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what ive learned is</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: coming to terms with all this bullshit is a
      thing you sort of do in stages</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like stage one is you making jokes about how
      sweaty dudes standing close together in tv shows seems really
      gay</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: stage two is making jokes about that and not
      immediately adding no homo afterward</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: stage three is flirting with all your male
      friends ironically and not even thinking about adding no homo
      afterward because youre so fuckin woke and secure in your ironclad
      straight masculinity that you dont have anything to prove to
      anybody anymore</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: or thats just what you say out loud</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: inside you start being like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh shit</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: maybe yes homo</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: stage four is freaking out about that and
      putting the no homo back on all your statements even objectively
      heterosexual ones which just stupidly makes everything you say
      sound extra gay</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: stage five is</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: actually wait the next few stages are various
      permutations of the same thing that i already described</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: it starts being like a gay fractal</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anyway eventually you arrive at like stage
      nine</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: which is reminding everyone who will listen
      that youre gay minimum six times a day</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: in really lame ways like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh cool dude are you making hot pockets</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: better make mine a gay hot pocket</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: cause im a gay homosexual who only consumes
      homo ass snacks delivered right to my mouth by a big queer
      butler</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: servin it right up on his huge gay dick</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but that all only applies to the extent which
      i am technically gay</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: which in my case is only about maybe 30% to
      70%</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so only cook 30% to 70% of my gay hot
      pocket</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: cause you know straights are fucking animals
      who never defrost their pepperoni</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and i gotta rep for that like 50%
      straightness still lurking inside me like the idiot who fell asleep
      in the shopping mall when it was closing for the night</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so now theres just this straight dude locked
      in a dark fucking mall for some stupid reason haunting the place
      like a cryptid and rummaging through the trash in the food
      court</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: also just in case janes opposition research
      is listening in on their illegal wiretap i know the word bisexual
      exists btw im just choosing not to use it in service of spitting
      some fuckin chuckle jokes here so lets all calm down and not let
      this one become a distressingly literal federal issue</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anyway when all is said and done</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you eat a half cooked hot pocket because all
      your roommates think the height of humor is taking what was
      obviously an improvisational riff at unironic face value to punk
      you</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: dave...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: nm</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i was gonna ask you why ur like this</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: then i remembered about how ur half me and
      half dirk</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah it really is crazy how those dope late
      game familial reveals actually did explain everything</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: so whats stage ten</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: stage ten is uhhhhhhhh</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">dave peeks around the corner so
      he can gaze fondly at karkat. he thinks about stage ten. he
      considers that in many ways, it’s as difficult as stage one. and
      yet there is something fragile and lovely about it as well. this is
      how he feels as he reflects upon the peculiar state of limbo he is
      in with the person he likes most in the world. he believes he could
      spend forever with him, in any configuration, any type of
      relationship, under any conditions of confusion or clarity.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk" style="margin:15px 0"><span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">What would the point of that be? Endless floundering incel limbo? Christ. I’d put them both out of their misery before I let that happen. I need to get back in action. This is a fucking crisis. Do you have any idea what sort of atrocity you’re enabling by allowing this to continue? I’ve been called many things. But even my harshest critics would never accuse me of such cruelty.</span></p>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">for roxy, it is more
      complicated. the conversation has unearthed more questions than
      answers. they run a hand through their hair. it’s cut short, but
      with great care to convey gender neutrality. they wonder what
      gender neutrality even is when applied to a haircut. an excellent
      question, particularly for those of us unfamiliar with hair
      altogether. what about length and functionality implies gender or
      sex on a world where such oppositional hierarchies don’t exist, and
      presentation is culturally vestigial?</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk" style="margin:15px 0"><span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">Dear God. Can we not do this? I can’t sit through any more gender chat. It feels inappropriate. Horrendously invasive of Roxy’s deepest personal thoughts. Can we just leave her inner monologue the fuck alone when it comes to this stuff? Is NOTHING sacred? I’m about to fucking flip. You can’t keep me down forever. I’ve got a trick up my sleeve, you’ll see.</span></p>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">the prince’s tricks mean
      nothing, and his barely detectable crumbs of impotent discourse
      shall continue utterly unheeded.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">roxy wonders if this is truly their end
      point. a haircut that implies nothing at all. an empty statement
      about a facet of their identity that they barely understand at all.
      perhaps in time, they will want to go even further than this?
      perhaps it is just a stepping-stone to a more potent understanding
      of their gradual gender transformation. how would calliope feel
      about that? what is it that calliope themself understands or cares
      about gender?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: The Prince opens his fucking mouth, and just
      literally starts SAYING SHIT, out loud, because he doesn’t think he
      can take another fucking second listening to a pompous alien virgin
      monologuing about gender.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">it seems the prince finds the
      rules confining his influence to be a bit unfair, and has resorted
      to throwing one of his more petulant “human tanties” in order to
      compensate for his feelings of disempowerment. while the strategy
      he is resorting to has moderate value as an amusement and a
      nuisance, it will ultimately be of no consequence whatsoever.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: No consequence, my ass. You may be able to
      suppress what I do with my mind, but you have no control over my
      mouth. I’m nobody’s fucking puppet.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: And you don’t even know my friends. They’re
      not yours to toy with.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: They’re mine.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">whatever you say.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Do you even know where I am right now?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Do you have the <em>slightest</em> idea what
      I’m up to?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">the prince is laboring under the
      delusion that he has been the least bit subtle in his intentions.
      he currently stands beneath the carapacian bell tower, poised to
      climb to the top. he holds the long, red sniper rifle that once
      belonged to roxy, brandishing it openly and boldly. he seems
      mysteriously oblivious to the fact that holding a long rifle in
      broad daylight somewhat tips one to the fact that he soon intends
      to shoot someone from a great distance. he also seems unaware of
      the fact that i know perfectly well that the top of this tower has
      a clear, long-range view of the stadium, allowing any competent
      sniper a clear shot of whoever happens to be standing at the podium
      as they give a speech. as jake english is about to do.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">he also doesn’t seem to realize i have
      anticipated his attempt to assassinate his own friend in order to
      advance his political goals, and that i am prepared to take
      measures which make this impossible.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Yeah, well. Try and stop me then.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I fucking dare you.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Here I go. I’m walking up the tower stairs
      now.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Walk, walk, walk. Ah, the exercise feels
      good.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">the prince’s shoes suddenly feel
      quite heavy. his calf and thigh muscles, impressively powerful
      though they are, increasingly struggle to lift his feet with each
      step. this is going to be quite the onerous climb. he’s not sure if
      he can make it all the way before the end of the speech. thoughts
      flash through his mind, thoughts of giving up and retiring to his
      sad little robotics lab so he can continue with his true passion:
      the ongoing corruption of his cerebrally impaired daughter.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Argh. Wow, yeah.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: You’re right. My feet are definitely getting
      heavy.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: But the Dead Cherub tragically underestimates
      the Prince’s determination. He powers the fuck through it. See?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Stomp, stomp, stomp. Up the stairs he goes.
      No fucking sweat.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Oh also, did he mention? He can fucking fly,
      so there’s that.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: He decides to take flight and cut to the
      chase. He whips up the hollow vertical shaft at the center of the
      spiraling tower stairs. Life in the fast lane kicks ass, it turns
      out.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: He can practically taste the top of the
      tower.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">but suddenly, the bell at the
      top, notorious among locals for its state of disrepair, becomes
      dislodged from its fixture with a loud crack. the huge, multiton
      bell plummets, crushing the surrounding staircases in its wake as
      it careens toward a young man consumed by hubris.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: The Prince busts out his sword and makes
      short work of that big old bell.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: The slicing is accompanied by the
      ear-shattering melodic sounds of metal being cleaved apart by an
      anime sword, as the Prince nimbly avoids the sharp pieces and
      ricocheting stair debris.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: He wonders out loud, “what is this, amateur
      hour”?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: The Dead Cherub then humorlessly narrates,
      “why, yes. yes mr. strider, it IS amateur hour. and i’m the amateur
      here, for throwing a huge bell at you. i would like to humbly
      apologize for my amateurism.”</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">no i don’t.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Sure you do.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">this foolishness is interrupted
      as we resume listening to a conversation which we are all
      considerably more invested in than catering to the inconsequential
      flailing of a grown man who fancies himself an earth ninja.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: well lets just say internalized whatevers are
      kind of like an onion</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: theres lots of layers</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: they suck on pizza</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and trolls have to get their stomach pumped
      if they eat them</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: this goes for gender stuff too btw</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: which i kinda get the feeling is what you
      were actually asking about</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: wow am i rly that transparent?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: nah but as previously discussed youre a lot
      like me</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so it was pretty easy to figure out what you
      were getting at</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yea</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i dont got ur poker face tho</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but im workin on that!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: maybe ill get a sick pair of shades too</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh DOPE</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah thats dope i support that idea</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">dave’s endorsement of roxy’s
      fashion proposal is cut short by his concern regarding another key
      endorsement he’s involved with. he turns his head to see jake
      nearing the podium as karkat manically taps his wrist in dave’s
      direction. something is off here. a dark feeling brewing in his
      intuition, which he decides to monitor as he wraps up his call with
      roxy.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I’m on top of the tower now. I’ve got my long
      sniper rifle ready and everything.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I check to see if it’s loaded. It is. I get
      in the PERFECT spot for taking aim at this hunky imbecile who’s
      about to give a speech.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anyway i dont think any of our friends are
      gonna hold your feet to the flames over dumb shit like this</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and its not like anyone else is gonna care
      since we definitely forgot to program hating gays and women into
      earth c</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: humans are all jacked up on hating xenophiles
      now</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: which sucks a lot too dont get me wrong</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: btw did you know janes a xenophobe</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: dave!!!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ok ok</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so does all this mean i gotta call you dad
      now or what</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: wat</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean thats what were talkin about right</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: well first of all</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: do u still even make a habit of callin me
      mom??</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i thought u kinda stopped that</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: even if it was effin cute</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh yeah i guess i did</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but i could start again</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but not if it means id have to go to fucking
      gender jail or something</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like what i mean is i could start that cute
      shit again but switch to dad</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ok but SECOND of all</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i would never want to deprive dirk of that
      noble honorific</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ugh no way</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hahaha yeah way hes ya daddy dude!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: aw fuck noooo</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wow man</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i would never call him that</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean i know its true but i just
      wouldnt...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wait</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: what</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: something feels</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wrong</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ???</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like some shits about to go down</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and i gotta...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">dave’s unsettled feeling is
      correct. he senses jake is in danger. no, he knows it. there is
      about to be an assassination attempt. karkat must be protected. and
      jake, the intended target, must be obscured from a sniper’s
      path.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: karkat! dude!!!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: GET DOWN!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT?????</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">there is no time. dave takes
      flight. he swoops karkat off the stage and around the corner, out
      of view. he urges him to stay down and stay put. dave flashes back
      to the podium and steps in front of jake, who appears nonplussed.
      dave puts his hand back, keeping jake corralled behind him, and
      scans the crowd for threats. but the threat, unbeknownst to him, is
      much farther away.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">and despite dave’s quick and
      well-justified action, what is also unbeknownst to him is that the
      sniper no longer poses a threat of pulling that trigger. because
      everyone knows that for all of the prince’s shortcomings, he would
      never expose his beloved brother and son to the risk of a heroic
      death.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: You’re absolutely right.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I would never do that.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I’d never kill Dave, no matter what I felt
      the stakes were. I’d never hurt him either.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: You do understand me pretty well, I’ll give
      you that. And you’re right about many things.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: But there are just a couple things you’re
      wrong about.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Pretty important things, actually.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">and what would those things
      be?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: First of all, this gun is loaded.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: But not with bullets.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">the prince reveals this
      relatively uninteresting piece of information as he looks through
      the scope. the crosshairs overlap dave’s chest, completely
      obscuring the view of jake. we suppose that the prince means the
      weapon is loaded with tranquilizer darts. it would after all be a
      fitting callback to the manner in which he subdued jake at an
      earlier moment. a fair enough way to bypass the immortality of his
      target, rendering jake inactive long enough to serve his purpose.
      his finger hovers over the trigger as he considers whether he can
      pull off two tranquilizing shots at dave and then jake in quick
      succession, before he is stopped. it certainly would be a risk to
      even try. but as the humans say: no guts, no glory.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Yes. You’re right about the tranquilizer.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: But there’s one more fact you’re not aware
      of.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Which is that I never intended to aim for
      Jake at all.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hellooooooo</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: dave??</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: whered ya go</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">roxy yells into the phone, but
      dave continues guarding jake, pausing for a moment their critical
      discussion of human gender. meanwhile, the prince lowers the rifle,
      and strongly reconsiders the foolishness he has initiated here.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: No, that’s not what he does.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: He swings the rifle around one hundred eighty
      degrees, and points the scope toward the large, now-curtainless
      window of a distant apartment.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: He zooms in quickly, cutting even shorter the
      little time that the Dead Cherub could use to impede him in some
      way.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: He takes aim, lets his finger hover over the
      trigger, and...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">his finger tenses up, quite
      painfully. perhaps it’s a cramp? whatever the malady, it isn’t
      budging.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Ow!</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Yeah, you got me. Can’t move it an inch.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: The only problem is, he doesn’t need to pull
      that trigger.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Earlier, when he was messing around with all
      this shit in plain view, he rigged the rifle to be
      voice-operated.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: All he needs to do is say...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">he doesn’t say it.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">Oh, but he DOES.</span></p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: FIRE.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">...</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I see. So you’re not going to say what
      happens next?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Is that really how it’s gonna be?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: So be it.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: The tranquilizer dart hits the glass of
      Roxy’s apartment window before the sound from the rifle’s shot even
      reaches them.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: She hears the glass break. Seconds later, she
      hears the bang. She drops her phone on the floor.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: She doesn’t have the slightest idea what just
      happened until she looks over at Jade and notices the dart stuck in
      her neck, right in the jugular vein.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: She watches as Jade’s huge, creepy black eyes
      start getting heavy. Her eyelids sag, and her head tilts to the
      side.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: She shuts her eyes completely. Her hair stops
      floating around her ominously. In fact, there’s nothing ominous
      about her at all anymore. She entirely resumes her status as the
      cute doggy girl we all know and love.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: She slumps over and collapses onto the couch.
      She begins snoring loudly while making a little canine whimper on
      each exhale.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Like the bitch she is.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead"><span class="type-sm type-hs-small">it seems uncalled-for to insult her after this little stunt you just pulled. what did she do that was wrong?</span></p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Oh, what’s that? You’re getting a little
      quiet for some reason.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: You’re going to have to speak up.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead"><span class="type-hs-small type-bs">this is not the last you’ll be hearing from me, prince.</span></p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Aaand, nope.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: You’re getting quieter, not louder. You’re
      gonna need to work on that.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Maybe try shouting it?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead"><span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">soon, i will be coming for
      you.</span></p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Yeah, I didn’t catch that at all.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Not even one syllable.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Guess that’s it for you? Back to not
      mattering.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Not that you ever did.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Come to think of it, why am I still talking
      out loud?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">That’s more like it.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Roxy drops to her knees by the couch, pulls the
      dart out of Jade’s neck, and tries to shake her awake. But it’s no
      use. That’s a heavy dose I gave her. Could be out for weeks. Maybe
      months? Can’t have any cherubs messing with my business on this
      planet. At least not until I’ve taken my leave. But Jade’s gonna be
      fine. Don’t worry about that.</p>
      <p class="dirk">That was interesting though. Cherubs are fuckin’
      weird, I’ll totally concede. Still not sure what makes them tick.
      What they idealize, what they really want. It all comes across to
      me as a little cloying. Perfection to them is a sweetness beyond
      comprehension. Sugar so potent it’s poison to us. To our bodies, to
      our souls. Like the place she was operating from was a realm of
      self-construction. A bubble of pure, phantasmal confection.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Well, I for one have had enough of that goddamn
      toothache. I’m back in the protein saddle, motherfuckers. I’m
      clacking my tongs, and the charcoal is hot.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Now who’s hungry for <em>meat?</em></p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>