<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 7</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s7'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 7</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">T</span>he boxing
      bell is going off like it’s having a fit. Dirk has to stick a
      finger in one ear to hear what Rose is saying over the cacophony of
      boos and buckets being lobbed toward center stage. He considers it
      all pretty fucking annoying, so he flips off the crowd and jumps
      the ropes. Always a good idea to abscond from the stadium before
      the customary show-end riot hits full swing.</p>
      <p>The last standing robot scoops up Jake’s unconscious body and
      cradles him to its chest before blasting off through the roof.</p>
      <p>On the other end of the phone, Rose lets him know what’s up.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It’s not so much “what is up” as “what is
      down,” the answer to which is, proverbially: Me.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I mean that both physically and
      philosophically by the way.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: You’re down philosophically?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yes.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I’m not sure what that actually means.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: What doesn’t it mean, Dirk.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Glad to see that my genetic predisposition
      for melodrama is still alive and well in my slime-progeny even
      after all these years.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Please don’t interrupt. This is important,
      and I’ll need all the energy I can spare to sustain even a heavily
      monologic transmission of the relevant facts.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I see. Forgive my brief, casual interjection
      into the conversation you initiated. Please continue.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Thank you.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Anyway, the matter at hand is my “condition,”
      with which you’re already familiar.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I’ve struggled to devise the right way of
      telling you without causing undue alarm, which would unquestionably
      trigger the overbearing tendency of yours to “solve the problem”
      for me, which is not the kind of circumstance my constitution can
      withstand these days.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I can barely lift a wrist to my forehead to
      telegraph my infirmity, of late. Your bullshit is precisely the
      thousand-pound feather that could knock me clean through my
      apartment’s plate glass window.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: This is troubling to hear, of course. But
      rest assured, I’m taking solace in the fact that your infirmity
      doesn’t seem to have spread to your vocal cords yet.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: See, Dirk? This is exactly the shit I don’t
      need from you on this day.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Sorry.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: The bottom line is this.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I am ascending, and it is terrible.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose adjusts her position on the couch with
      the body language of one about to dive into the latest gossip about
      a mutual friend. The mutual in this case: her tortured psyche.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Years of refining my Seer of Light powers
      have cursed me with what is approaching near infinite prescience.
      Dwelling in this idyllic post-canon realm has worn down the
      barriers separating my primary consciousness from the memories and
      experiences of all my doomed alternate selves, which were forgotten
      and discarded over the due course of our journey.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: As I approach the realization of my Ultimate
      Self, I cannot stop the extant knowledge from seeping in. I am
      plagued by near constant visions from the less fortunate versions
      of myself, as well as a broadening view of the metatextual nature
      of our existence.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Day by day I get closer to comprehending the
      full picture of the narrative.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: However, I am still trapped in this limited
      body. There is only so much strain that my very finite synapses can
      take.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It drains all of my energy to keep my
      consciousness focused on relevant events, but even then I am losing
      my ability to discern what is and is not canonically relevant, let
      alone what is also true or essential.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: And all of this is making me incredibly
      fucking sick.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Oh. Is that all?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: ...</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Well, in the spirit of full disclosure,</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Same.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose is silent on the line for a few moments.
      Dirk can hear how labored her breathing is, how thin it is. She
      snorts out a quick, humorless laugh.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Really?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: That’s the hottest take you can manage?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Of course not. They haven’t built the vessel
      yet that can withstand the temperatures of atmospheric entry into
      one of my hotter takes, let alone the hottest.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: It wasn’t a take. It was an empathetic
      admission toward my pitiable, similarly omniscience-stricken
      offspring.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: We are suffering from the same condition,
      Rose.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She allows several rare conversational beats
      to pass in silence between them, to process the admission.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: We are?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Sure.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It doesn’t sound to me like you’re suffering
      much at all.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Well, I’m not.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I guess I used the wrong phrase. You are
      suffering from it. I am adapting to it.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I already have, really.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: When were you going to tell me this?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: When you were ready.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: So you have determined that I’m ready to
      receive this rather critical piece of information now, of all
      times?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: What distinguishes the present from the other
      moments you could have mentioned it?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Were you waiting for the effects of my
      condition to become so unendurable that I finally felt the need to
      explain what was happening to me in full?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Were you, in essence, waiting for a cry for
      help?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Wow. Well, when you put it that way, it makes
      me sound like kind of a dick.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: But I guess it isn’t far from the truth,
      either.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Unbelievable.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Look, it’s not something you just spring on
      people that frivolously.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: “Hey folks, just so you know, the boundaries
      of my awareness are coming apart, and now I know almost everything,
      about everyone, everywhere.”</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: “Also, the process should be tearing my body
      apart, but actually I’m handling it quite well. Thanks for the
      concern though.”</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: “Anyway, just thought I’d keep y’all fuckin’
      abreast. On my incomprehensible brain and all. Peace.”</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Fine. You’re a cagey guy. This isn’t breaking
      news.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I’m not pissed at you, I’m just...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: So confused.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Why aren’t you suffering the same effects as
      me?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: There will be time to explain all this.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Despite whatever appearance of callousness
      I’ve maintained in withholding this information from you, I
      actually do have your best interests in mind. I don’t want to wear
      you out on this call.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: There’s so much more to say, but it can
      wait.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: For now, I’ll just mention that I’ve been
      alert to your problem for some time, and I’ve been devising a
      solution which should permanently remedy it without compromising
      the boon of your expanding consciousness.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: You have?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: What is it?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Would love to tell you, but I’ve got some
      work to do. Why don’t you stop by my studio later so we can hash
      this shit out in person.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Right now, you should get some rest.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Actually, I’m feeling oddly invigorated
      suddenly. I think I’m good for more exposition, if you are.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Can’t say I’m surprised. But no.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Have I caught you at a bad time?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Nah, but there is an election coming up, and
      my work as a political operative is going to be absolutely
      essential for the fate of humanity.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I see. Wheels within wheels, I assume?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: There are always wheels. Wheels are
      everywhere.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: They aren’t my wheels or yours. The wheels
      don’t have owners or designers, but they do have caretakers.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: They won’t keep turning on their own without
      someone to grease the mechanism.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: What a burden it must be, to recognize
      oneself as the sole machinist of reality itself.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: It’s a curse, but somebody’s gotta do it.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Save your strength. Come to my studio when
      you’re feeling up to it.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Goodbye.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dirk hangs up without waiting for a reply. He
      cracks his neck and tips down his shades so that he can appreciate
      the full brunt of the sunset: purple and orange, blending
      brilliantly on the horizon.</p>
      <p>She’s right about him, he thinks. While his ecto-daughter views
      herself as having a somewhat deft artistic hand that lends itself
      naturally to a gentle push-and-pull style of influence, Dirk knows
      his methods are mechanical, like those of an engineer. There is
      nothing adaptive or interpretive about his method. Every piece has
      a purpose, a slot, an interlocking mechanism that is functionally
      pointless without the whole.</p>
      <p>Dirk, satisfied with this moment of particularly astute
      self-reflection, rocks back on his heels and launches himself into
      the sky.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>