<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 9</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s9'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 9</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">I</span>f you were
      one of the haters and fools who saw Lord English’s masterpiece
      circulating through the black veins of the dark web, and were
      rendered agog by its majesty, then you probably have a pretty good
      sense of what happened next. You probably also wouldn’t be rendered
      that much additionally agog if you were told it didn’t happen
      precisely as conveyed by the young Lord’s expertly produced
      claymation theater.</p>
      <p>Would it be that surprising if the first four heroes weren’t
      immediately captured in the juju, as the dark web swan song
      broadcast through bogus Vine videos originally depicted? Probably
      not. Would it raise any eyebrows if the action turned out to be a
      bit sloppier than that? A bloody nose here. A stray wedgie there.
      Someone trips on a cape. Loud eruptions of the word “Ow.” Petulant
      insults, smack talk, crude gestures, and stray honks from the
      sidelines. Would it rock anyone’s world to discover the stop-motion
      feature did not treat this battle royale with the utmost
      fidelity?</p>
      <p>No one who witnessed the spectacle online would react to these
      discrepancies with much surprise. But you are not such a witness.
      You are still John Egbert, and you had no idea what sort of raucous
      teen pandemonium to expect when you zapped into the lair of your
      nemesis to throw down. Which is why you were completely blindsided
      when, upon feeling overwhelmed by the melee, Caliborn sprung his
      gambit on you and your three best friends to even the odds.</p>
      <p>He opened his little red chest, and out came his white,
      house-shaped juju, levitating there, threatening to behave as the
      weapon many treasure hunters throughout history have described it
      to be. Upon a second look, it’s not quite white though. It’s
      colorless, null. A house-shaped hole in your confining reality. A
      hole that insists on being filled.</p>
      <p>You tried to resist its overwhelming pull, but to no avail. The
      force is too strong. Not like the sucking from the vacuum of space,
      or the tug from a gravitational singularity. It was more
      overpowering than any force in nature. Almost... metatextual. Not
      negating your powers, your strength to resist, so much as it seemed
      to overwrite them.</p>
      <p>The juju sucked you, Rose, Dave, and Jade into its void at the
      speed of eternity squashed down to a half second. You landed in the
      abstract prison it contains face-first, alone, and with a force
      that made you flip over a few times and skid along by the flat of
      your chin. You groped for your glasses instinctively, finding them
      in two cracked halves. You cradled their remains as you looked
      up.</p>
      <p>The blurry, distorted face of your laughing nemesis was the last
      thing you saw before the chest door slammed shut and plunged you
      into textual obsolescence.</p>
      <p>And here, you are now stuck. You will not emerge from this
      holding cell, from an outside perspective, for quadrillions of
      years. It is not long at all until you begin to wish you had
      brought something to read.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>