<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 37</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s37'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 37</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">W</span>e make a
      quick stop back at Rose’s apartment. She understandably wants to
      pack a few things before we leave this planet forever. Not a whole
      lot, mind you. It’s not like she’ll be needing many clothes from
      now on.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Oh, come on. Can we keep our minds out of the
      gutter for more than two fucking seconds? That’s not what I meant.
      She’ll have to leave her current body soon if she’s going to
      survive the absolute realization of her Ultimate Self. The new body
      I’ve made for her won’t have much use for her usual ensembles.
      That’s all I was saying.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Do you really need all of this crap?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Rose is sprawled out on her bed, resting.
      It’s pretty much all she can bring herself to do these days. But in
      spite of her physically incapacitated state, her stare tracks me
      intently as I root through her belongings at her behest.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: No, I don’t... I don’t need it.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: But I’d...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I’d like to have it. Some of it.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Just the important things...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: The memories that matter most.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: We’re going to make new memories.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: We have countless millennia ahead of us. The
      entire breadth of infinity.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: The past seven years on this planet are
      cosmically irrelevant. When we get where we’re going, you won’t
      even want to remember this benighted rock anymore.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Rose opens her mouth to launch into what
      would surely lead to a belabored and cyclical argument, but she
      doesn’t have the strength. She groans instead. I know it frustrates
      her. It frustrates me too. That’s why I want to get out of here as
      soon as possible.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I let my voice soften.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Rose.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Everything is going to be fine.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: But, daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">She pleads, affecting an exaggerated
      whine that sounds unintentionally authentic with how weak she
      is.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Rose has really leaned into this particular line of
      “irony.” Hamming it up with the dad jokes, as if she derives some
      bizarre gratification from the fact of our relation. It’s an
      apparently endless source of amusement to her.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I don’t get it and I don’t really care to
      speculate. I sigh, and return to picking through her jewelry. The
      tactic fucking works on me, I guess.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Is this the thing you were talking about?
      This...this rock rope?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: <em>Rock rope?</em></p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Rose lifts herself up barely enough to
      see. The effort to do just that seems to take everything out of
      her. She collapses heavily after she gets a look at what I’m
      holding up, huffing in annoyance.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: F-first of all.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: That... the word for that object is... a
      “necklace.”</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Second of all,</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Does that... look purple to you?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Don’t... don’t...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Patronize me... while I’m dying.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I can’t make heads or tails of any of this
      shit. It’s a big pile of shiny garbage.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: If you’re so concerned about it, why don’t
      you come over here and pick out what you want to pack yourself?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">I expect at least an aggravated retort,
      but nothing comes.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I glance back and see that her eyes have grown
      glassy and distant, like two round-cut amethysts. Her smile seems
      due less to fondness than stupefaction. The circles under her eyes
      are dark, and her head is cushioned on an arm bent beneath it.
      Keeping her eyes trained on me seems to be the only energy she’s
      able to expend anymore. The omniscience sickness is wreaking havoc
      on her. I should hurry up.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I’m glad I never had to feel whatever she’s going
      through. Not everyone can be built like me. It just means I carry a
      greater responsibility to take care of those more fragile.
      Especially the ones most important to me.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I go through the motions of picking things out of
      her drawers. Just grabbing stuff at random, because like I said, it
      doesn’t matter.</p>
      <p class="dirk">When she next speaks, it seems her mind has
      wandered. Her voice is as distant as her expression.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Are you sure Kanaya is going to be ok with
      this?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">I slide a drawer shut, and shove whatever
      it is I’m holding into the bag without looking.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: There’s no need to worry about that.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: How...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: How will we break it to her?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: You’re not well enough to stress over
      this.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: You should just let me handle it. I can make
      her understand.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: What’s happening here is the best thing for
      everybody.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: She’ll come to see that someday.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Rose breathes in deeply, and exhales. She
      allows herself to close her eyes, and tries to forget these
      troubling thoughts of the wife she’s about to leave.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Speaking of which, Kanaya is on her way back to the
      apartment. She’s blocks away, frantically running in the direction
      of this building. She’s a pretty fast runner, but she’ll have to
      run faster than that if she wants to bust in here and cause a scene
      before we go. She senses she isn’t going to make it up here in
      time, and slows to a stop. She takes a moment to consider how she’s
      gonna play this.</p>
      <p class="dirk">She’s beside herself with rage. Her phone is out,
      poised to call someone. Probably me. But she needs to gather her
      thoughts and figure out what to say. She knows she’s been played by
      now. She’s sure of it, and so has to think of exactly what she can
      say to me to stop this from happening, or if nothing else, delay it
      long enough to force a confrontation. At least, these are all
      things she’s telling herself right now.</p>
      <p class="dirk">They’re only thoughts, after all. Things she’s
      decided she believes, after neurotically parsing certain patterns
      of behavior from me and her wife. I guess from her ignorant alien
      position it’s reasonable to be suspicious that something shady is
      going on. But is it really? Is she sure she’s not misunderstanding
      something? Could she have misread the signals, or falsely assigned
      nefarious intent to a perfectly innocent series of events? As her
      breathing slows, and her calm is gradually restored, suddenly she
      isn’t so sure. Maybe she’s gotten this wrong all along.</p>
      <p class="dirk">If you want my take, I think she has gotten this
      wrong all along. That’s right, Kanaya. YOU have been getting this
      all wrong since the very beginning.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Your head is spinning with doubt now. Why were you
      running so fast? Why is your heart beating like this? You find a
      nearby bench on the sidewalk, and sit down to really reflect on
      this. To question everything you’ve been getting so worked up over.
      The thing is, what you’re suddenly questioning isn’t so much about
      whether your suspicions that Rose and I have been sneaking around
      behind your back are wrong, per se. It’s that you’re starting to
      wonder if they’re right, but you’ve been the one who was wrong to
      object.</p>
      <p class="dirk">This revelation hits you like a kick in the chest.
      It’s heavy, it hurts, but only for a moment. Then you find it’s
      like a weight is lifting off your shoulders. To finally face the
      truth. If Rose has been spending more time with me than you, if
      she’s realizing she resonates more with me due to our natural
      similarities and finds my presence more rewarding than yours, then
      what does that say about YOU, Kanaya? Doesn’t it confirm what
      you’ve always suspected deep down? That as flattering as it was
      that someone like Rose would give you the time of day, and as nice
      as that made you feel for as long as she was willing to put up with
      you, the truth is, on some level, you always understood you were
      never good enough for her?</p>
      <p class="dirk">Pale green tears are flowing down your face. You
      have no idea how long you’ve been crying. You just noticed only
      now, because you’ve finally decided to confront the harsh reality
      of your marriage. It was always an illusion. You put your face in
      your hands and sob. The catharsis is relieving, bittersweet. Years
      of suppressed insecurities melt away. You’re finally free of this.
      Alone, yes, but free. And so is she. You love her with all your
      heart, and because of that, you genuinely want what’s best for her.
      Whatever will make her happy. And knowing this—that truly all you
      ever hoped for was to help her be happy, to be the best person she
      could be—it brings you comfort. It quells the grief into a dull
      ache. One that you’ll be grateful to keep for the rest of your
      life, because it will always remind you of what you had with
      her.</p>
      <p class="dirk">The tears have stopped flowing. You feel them
      drying on your face in the cool breeze. Your eyes are clear and
      focused. You know what you must do now. There is no crisis. There
      is nothing in which to intervene. Nothing to stop. You tap your
      phone, and hold it up to your ear.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Rose?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Ka...</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Rose</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Sweet Heart</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Kanaya, I’m,</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I’m so...</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Rose Its Okay</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Know Everything</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: You... you do?</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Yes</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Understand Whats Going On Now</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Just Want You To Know</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: How Happy You Made Me</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Oh, Kanaya...</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Wont Be Long</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Just Need To Say A Couple Things</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: While I Can</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Before I Get Too Emotional About This</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Finally Get It</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Know You And He Belong Together</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Really Hope You Will Both Be Happy</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Wherever Youre Going And Whatever You
      Decide To Do</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Will Always Be Thinking Of You</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: And Be Grateful For The Life We Had
      Together</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I’ll always remember you, Kanaya.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Thank you so much for understanding.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I didn’t know how to...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I thought surely you would be...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Rose’s turns her face into the bed, to
      muffle her sobs. I’m holding the phone up to her ear. I move the
      phone quickly to follow the movement of her head.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Its Fine Really Sweet Heart</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Love You</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I love you too.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Goodbye Rose</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Before Kanaya hangs up, I quickly bring
      the phone up to my ear to say a few words.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Hey Kanaya. Thanks for getting in touch
      before we take off.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: We both really appreciate that.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Oh</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: S... Sure</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I’ll take very good care of her.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I promise.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Thank You Dirk</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Hey one last thing.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Before you head back to the brooding caverns
      or wherever, think you can do me a favor?</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Of Course</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: You’ve probably heard by now that Jade is
      sick.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: In a coma or something? She’s in the
      hospital.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Yes</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I’ve got an antidote for that. Medicine of
      sorts.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: If you give it to her, it should wake her up
      almost immediately.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I left it here on the counter in your
      apartment.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: You can come pick it up and bring it to her
      at your leisure.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I See</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Yes I Can Do That</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Awesome.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Well, later.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">I hang up and toss the phone on the
      floor. She’ll be here soon, so it’s time to wrap this up. Rose is
      exhausted. Emotionally, physically, the works. She’s nodding off
      but struggling to stay awake. She doesn’t want to miss anything
      important, but there’s nothing left to do here. There’s no reason
      to put any more strain on her than necessary.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I pull out a syringe full of the same stuff as
      usual. Worked wonders on Jake, then Jade. Should knock Rose out
      well enough for the long ride ahead. I inject it in her arm, and
      her head drops down almost instantly. I pick her up and carry her
      like a sleeping princess. It slips my mind to bring along her bag
      of stuff. I walk to the sliding glass door, open it, and we fly
      away.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>