<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 26</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s26'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 26</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">J</span>ade kicks
      her shoeless feet behind her slowly, as if she’s swimming with the
      current of the gravitational waves pulling her ever closer to their
      source. Her feet aren’t completely bare; they’re still covered by
      her gray-striped witch stockings. But the ruby slippers are gone.
      She kicked them off hours ago, as if to jettison all hope of
      returning anywhere resembling a place she used to call home. The
      fond remembrance of such a place no longer has any pull on her.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Now, something else entirely is pulling her.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Believe me, I’m sympathetic to the temptation. It’s
      always just <em>there,</em> isn’t it? A limitless reservoir of
      emptiness, perfectly available to you, patient, omnipresent, and
      dead ahead. As someone who grew up in the middle of an ocean,
      completely alone, on a planet purged of all human life four hundred
      years before I was born, I understand the feeling well.</p>
      <p class="dirk">But something isn’t <em>right</em> here. She should
      really reconsider whatever it is she may be about to do.</p>
      <p class="dirk">There’s something about being alone for so long, it
      makes time feel like it doesn’t exist. She knows this almost better
      than I do.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Jade also knows well enough by now that time
      doesn’t actually exist in a literal sense, the way we generally
      understand it. It’s just one aspect of many, and the complement of
      her own, Space. It therefore can be neutralized by the introduction
      of her essence. Reduced to white noise or soft light. The continuum
      of time is therefore demonstrably an illusion. The field of
      sequential moments and physical conditions that stretch on and on,
      resulting in the mirage of loneliness, is pure projection from
      disproportionate attention given to a single side of one cosmic,
      polar pair of ideas: time.</p>
      <p class="dirk">It’s my way of saying, and thereby alerting her
      mind to what she already knows, that this feeling of all-consuming
      solitude and despair haunting her since childhood—it’s in her head.
      The ticking of time is a little contrivance in her mind as a
      byproduct of imbalance, of the vast disparity between her limited
      self and her Ultimate Self. It lives rent free there the way Dave
      once did, and for this version of Jade, probably still does. He
      made fun of her sometimes when they were kids because she couldn’t
      always keep real and fake things straight, but he never meant it
      seriously. It was just the way he showed that he cared, which is
      one of the things Jade always liked so much about him. That he’s so
      clumsy and genuine underneath it all. Maybe Dave broke her heart a
      little, and he keeps doing it too, no matter how many different
      timelines they try out.</p>
      <p class="dirk">She slips closer to the event horizon, still making
      no effort to impede her descent. My persuasion skills are
      admittedly a little rusty. Bear with me here.</p>
      <p class="dirk">In my experience, there’s something about being
      alone that can take a person’s limited meat-engine and make it
      imagine that it can see beyond the confines of its own electrical
      processes. Make it believe that it is ascending to a place where it
      can see the four dimensions spread out beneath it like a set of
      windows. Like sheet music. Like a garden, where Jade used to spend
      so much of her time with her hands in the earth and her head in the
      clouds, dreaming about flowers that bloomed in six colors and grew
      when she played them a song. Was that real? It’s hard to tell. But
      it made her happy, didn’t it?</p>
      <p class="dirk">Isn’t that what she needs now? Isn’t it reasonable
      to presume that’s the only thing capable of persuading her to slow
      her descent—to being invited to imagine, fake or otherwise, that
      which once made her happy? That which could still make her happy,
      if only she’d slow down, think about it, and do whatever is
      necessary to place herself in those surroundings again?</p>
      <p class="dirk">It’s possible that manning the other end of a
      suicide hotline, transmitted through pure thought in a metatextual
      format, may not actually be my true calling. I’m doing my goddamned
      best here. She just isn’t slowing down, for some incomprehensible
      reason. Perhaps my touch is too soft. It wouldn’t be the first
      time. Perhaps the limits of persuasion itself are being tested by
      the most powerful gravitational force to ever exist? Or perhaps
      it’s true that insistence is just the more effective half of
      persuasion.</p>
      <p class="dirk">So I’m insisting now.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Jade Harley <em>will not</em> go into that hole.
      She <em>does NOT</em> want us to all to see what happens when she
      unsettles the spirit residing there.</p>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">she does, though.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Fucking yikes.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Jade throws on the brakes. I <em>say</em> she does.
      But by now, the gravity is overwhelming. Is she even trying to
      resist, or is it just that it’s useless to try? I’m not... I’m not
      sure I can tell?</p>
      <p class="dirk">Jade realizes, preferably before it’s too late,
      that this is fucking serious. She <em>needs</em> to turn this
      around. She doesn’t want this. <em>She doesn’t want to
      die.</em></p>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">she wants to return to me.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">All right, I’m done messing around.</p>
      <p class="dirk"><em>YOUR</em> name is Jade Harley. <em>YOU</em>
      decide, right now, that you do not want to die. You resist the pull
      of the black hole with all your might. What would killing yourself
      accomplish? Sure, most of your friends are dead. But John is still
      looking for you. Do you want to let him down? Do you want to
      <em>crush his soul</em>? Do you have any appreciation for what he’s
      going through, Jade? He can take you home. To your <em>new</em>
      home, Earth C. The home <em>I</em> made for you, Jade. Your friends
      are all there, alive and well. Rose, Dave, Karkat, slutty adult
      Jade, Jane, Jake, Roxy, me. You wouldn’t want to disappoint them.
      You wouldn’t want to disappoint <em>me</em>, would you, Jade?</p>
      <p class="dirk">You can avoid all this. The unpredictable
      consequences about to be unleashed by your thoughtless act. You can
      still turn this thing around. <em>It’s not too late.</em></p>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">but it is too late.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Christ.</p>
      <p class="dirk">You’re close now, to the ceiling of the cancerous
      deformity. Too close. Just skimming the edge of this thing’s
      vicious horizon. You dip your toes through the place where the
      singularity is snapping everything apart at the seams. It’s so loud
      that it’s completely silent. You can already feel yourself
      stretched thin, distorted, pulled out with your descent elongated
      for all eternity. When you look down, the stripes of your witchy
      tights go on and on for miles. Please, Jade. Don’t ever say I
      didn’t try to stop this.</p>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">she closes her eyes and lets
      go.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>