<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 12</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s12'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 12</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so we gotta hit jane right in her neoliberal
      austerity measures were all agreed on that right</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: UH HUH.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: yeah sure</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: now shes gonna spin some shit about supply
      side economics but we cant let her control the narrative on that
      one cause the first thing thats gonna happen once she begins
      deregulating the baking industry is that some sweet dumb crocodile
      down in consort land is gonna start putting sparkle glue in the
      cupcake mix which isnt even the real issue thats just surface
      issues</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: RIGHT.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: definitely</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean earth c has just been play acting
      capitalism the last five thousand years while we timeskipped ahead
      to live rad lives as gods without bothering with any of the boring
      shit that goes into making a civilization</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: which is fine i mean you cant really expect a
      bunch of teens who didnt finish middle school to set up a
      sustainable form of social democracy that isnt just blatantly
      ripped off whatever we incorrectly thought obama god rest his soul
      was doing back in the day</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: SIGH</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but janes got this old school mentality you
      just know she wants to restrict grist alchemy for the sake of
      “growth” and when that goes down itll take three seconds flat for
      some nobody in new dersetown to drop the earth c communist
      manifesto</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: at which point were in for a speedrun of
      either our 20th century or her 21st century</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: were gonna glitch under the map straight from
      marx to clown dictatorship</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: which also isnt the real issue</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OH YEAH.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: of course</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: are you two even listening or are you just
      making noises with your mouths</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HOW DARE YOU.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I CAN’T BELIEVE I’M BEING ACCUSED BY DAVE
      STRIDER, REIGNING EMPEROR OF SPEWING ENDLESS VERBAL DIARRHEA
      DIRECTLY INTO MY INNOCENT HEAR DUCTS EVERY DAY OF MY FUCKING LIFE,
      OF MAKING THOUGHTLESS MOUTH NOISES.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: JADE, ARE YOU HEARING THIS?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: im scandalized</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: especially when</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: there are much better things we could all be
      doing with our mouths.....</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">It’s been a really nice day they’ve been
      having, and then Jade had to go say something like that. The air in
      the hive changes in a way that is palpable, in a way that she can’t
      seem to accurately gauge despite having both superhuman and
      superdog senses. She’s lying on her stomach on the floor, chin in
      her palms, glasses slid down to the tip of her nose, kicking her
      legs in the air. Elements of her outfit resemble her god tier
      jammies: peasant skirt, sparkly flats, and a bold choice in striped
      tights. Her tail swishes from side to side, showing way too much of
      her thigh, which isn’t really all that salacious considering three
      of her bras are thrown over the back of the couch where she crashed
      last night, and the night before that, and the better part of the
      seven years before that. There are other personal effects of hers
      in the living room too: plants on the windowstill, her bass guitar
      sitting in a corner, a horrific-looking periodic table that Dave
      made her for her seventeenth birthday pinned above the stairwell.
      He typed it in Comic Sans, and then deep-fried it to oblivion with
      JPEG artifacts.</p>
      <p>Everyone in this room knows each other way too well, so what
      happens next goes a little like clockwork.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Says Karkat, for like thirty seconds straight
      as he retreats into the bulk of his sweater. He scoots a half foot
      to put his back against the couch when Jade pushes her glasses up
      the bridge of her nose and looks at him.</p>
      <p>And Dave, with his preternaturally perfect timing, sweeps a hand
      over his tablet to bring up a new PowerPoint slide on the TV. He
      returns to his Comic Sans-written political presentation, gruesome
      artifacts and all, with the grace and proficiency of a man who has
      diffused an awkward situation in his own household many times per
      day, every day, for many years.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anyway we all know the real issue is troll
      reproduction</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: this election season is gonna be so jacked up
      with dogwhistles jade will never sleep again</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: woof!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yo get ready for the top propaganda hits of
      the year</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: alternia: brutal eugenics based space
      dictatorship</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: NOT UNTRUE.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: troll homeworld: lord of the flies nightmare
      scenario where kids murder each other just to get the chance to get
      to grow up and murder other aliens instead</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IT WASN’T THAT BAD.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: actual names of professions on alternia:
      threshecutioner</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: legislacerator</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: minister of sucking the eyeballs out of your
      fucking skull then putting my two monstrous hr giger tier troll
      dicks up in there and just mashing the shit out of your brain with
      them</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU MADE THAT LAST ONE UP.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ALSO, IT WAS DISGUSTING??</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: GROW THE FUCK UP, YOU UTTERLY
      CONTEMPTIBLE, POTTY MOUTHED *CUNT*.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: also you know trolls dont actually have two
      dicks dave thats an offensive stereotype</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i know thats the point keep up guys</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ready for another one</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: trolls: literally ate babies</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ONLY THE DEFECTIVE ONES.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like you my dude</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ...YEAH.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so thats why our campaign can work</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: btw im gonna be giving a long form exam at
      the end of this to make sure youre retaining info because this is
      only like the most important thing weve ever done collectively</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: siiiiiiiigh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: aside from creating the universe i mean</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: its not that it isnt important dave its that
      like</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: the method youre using to communicate it is
      kinda........</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: inefficient and BORING</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you mean</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: words</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i mean YOUR words specifically!!!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: we already understand the issues at play you
      dont have to explain it to us over and over again like were
      twelve</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: right karkat???</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ARE YOU ASKING ME WHETHER I’VE HEARD THIS
      EXACT SPEECH ALMOST WORD FOR WORD, INCLUDING REHEARSED VERSIONS OF
      BOTH THE COLORFUL METAPHORS AND “JOKES,” TEN OR TWENTY TIMES
      ALREADY?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BECAUSE THE ANSWER WOULD BE</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YES, OF COURSE I FUCKING HAVE.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat elbows Dave in the thigh, a move that
      is obviously meant to be an action of pure, brotherly jest. But
      instead it comes off as affectionate and overly intimate. Jade’s
      clever eyes don’t miss this. Her pupils follow the motion of
      Karkat’s arm, and then they follow the movement of Dave’s mouth as
      he smiles in what he probably thinks is a totally neutral
      expression that reveals exactly 0% of his true feelings toward
      Karkat Vantas. In reality, his veneer is as thin and transparent as
      cellophane. He is the only person who can’t see through it.</p>
      <p>Jade does some calculations in her head. Two kinds of
      calculations, in fact: mathematical ones and personal ones.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: soooooo</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: do you want a projection of her first years
      hit on the economy down to the decimal with a 0.3% margin of
      error</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: because thats a thing i can do if itll make
      you stop talking about this stupid election for ten minutes</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: damn hit me up girl calculator</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i dont think youre wrong about janes
      plans</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She proceeds to dazzle the two boys with
      explications on complex math utilizing taxation rates, GDP figures,
      and some damned thing called the “Laffer curve,” which she easily
      could have just invented to own them both. But the truth is, she
      cares too deeply for these boys to fabricate silly-sounding
      economic models on the spot in order to make them seem foolish in
      front of the camera later.</p>
      <p>The thing about Jade Harley is that she’s not as good at
      personal things as she is at other things. Like science, or
      mastering fraymotifs, or kissing, the last of which she has
      definitely put a lot of levels into over the past few years
      because, well, what else are you supposed to do with immortal
      godhood once you hit the age where the dog hormones start kicking
      into overdrive? She rolls over and hitches up on her palms so that
      she can stare her two friends down. Her high-prescription lenses
      make her eyes look anime-huge. They might literally be glittering,
      she’s so completely serious about the issue she is trying to
      stress.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: so now that thats all out of the way</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: its time to get real you two</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: that wasnt an invitation for you to make a
      pun about having all the time in the world or whatever it was you
      were going to say</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: im about to lay out some cold hard evidence
      so pay attention!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OH, HANG ON, LET ME GET A PEN.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: evidence about.....</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: our relationship!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: FUCK</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: you let me live in your hive when im in
      town</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I CAN’T BELIEVE...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: im preeeetty intimately entwined in both your
      lives</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT YOU’RE JUST TALKING ABOUT THIS?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: AND you dont disengage from about 86.234% of
      my flirtations</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WAIT, WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU KEEP TRACK
      OF SOMETHING LIKE THAT?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: so....... are we doing this or not?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: DOING WHAT?!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: dating dummy!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OH.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT IS</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT IS... A COMPLICATED TOPIC IN MY
      CULTURE THAT I’M NOT SURE HUMANS ARE EQUIPPED TO TALK ABOUT.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: also totally unrelated to the economy</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: which not gonna lie is the only thing i want
      to talk about for uh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: for however long it takes for this other
      conversation to stop happening</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: so say no!!!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: well</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: UHHHHH</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: im not just forcing this conversation for my
      sake! its for you two as well</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i mean after all this time have you two even
      kissed yet??????</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wha</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WH-WHY WOULD</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: uhh</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHY WOULD WE KISS??</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT’S... YOU... I MEAN, HE’S... HE’S
      DAVE.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: we</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: AND I’M KARKAT.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: yes hes dave and youre karkat and everyone we
      know always calls you that</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: “dave and karkat”</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i cant remember the last time i heard anyone
      mention one of you without the other</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: the two of you have basically been together
      since your days on the meteor its SO obvious</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: TOGETHER, YES. AS FRIENDS.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yea</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: VERY CLOSE FRIENDS WHO UNDERSTAND AND
      SUPPORT EACH OTHER ON A DEEP AND EMPATHETIC LEVEL THAT GOES BEYOND
      HATE OR PITY. YOU COULD EVEN SAY THAT OUR RELATIONSHIP...</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ...TRANSCENDS QUADRANTS.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: yeaaaaaah not gonna lie karkat but that
      sounds totally kinda gay</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: UGH YOU HUMANS AND YOUR UNFATHOMABLE
      GENDER BASED QUADRANTS.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade faceplams. She does it a little too hard
      and slams the bridge of her glasses into her forehead.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: ow!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ANYWAY WEREN’T YOU... DATING THAT
      CARAPACIAN COUPLE? LAST TIME WE CHECKED?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade drags her hand down the bottom half of
      her face and sighs.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: yeah for FUN</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: im twenty three dont you think thats a little
      old to still be dating for fun</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wait you saying we arent fun</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: whens the last time either of you left the
      house??????</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ...</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade sighs and crawls closer. She takes one of
      Karkat’s hands in hers.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: i think wed all work good together</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">In her other hand, she tries to grab Dave’s
      wrist, but he flash-steps to the other side of the couch. She pouts
      at him and keeps holding Karkat’s increasingly sweaty palm.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: and i think weve been dancing around that for
      years now</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i wanna try dating for real</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HAVE YOU EVER CONSIDERED</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: SORRY IF WHAT I’M ABOUT TO SAY TOTALLY
      BLOWS YOUR MIND</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: DATING A SINGLE PERSON, FOR MORE THAN
      HALF A SWEEP, FOR REASONS OTHER THAN INITIATING THE CONCUPISCENT
      EXCHANGE OF FLUIDS?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade’s grip on Karkat’s hand gets a little too
      tight, but her big-toothed smile remains flawlessly pleasant. This
      is a common sort of exchange between them and could be easily
      considered flirtation on several different metrics, especially
      considering the history between them and the sheer level of black
      flirtation that Karkat accidentally indulged in during his insecure
      youth. He doesn’t even pull his hand away.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: ok first of all dont slut shame me
      fuckass</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: second of all thats what im trying to do
      here</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: third of all karkat arent you from a culture
      where people are expected to engage in romantic relationships with
      up to like five people at a time??</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT’S NOT</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT’S NOT THE SAME THING AT ALL.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh yeah??? explain the fundamental
      epistemological difference</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT THE FUCK?!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ok jade i think theres a flaw in your
      approach here cause you seem to think winning an argument on super
      clever logical grounds is gonna get a couple dudes to break down
      and fling themselves at you in like, a sexual way</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: wellll it usually does ;B</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh my fucking god</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">This earns Dave a look. A long, sad one that
      has Jade messing with her glasses again so that she can peer right
      at him and apply some more of that faulty personal math to his
      facial expression.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: dave......</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: is this...........</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: about obama???</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no i</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: dave are you in love with obama?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jade jesus where do you get this shit
      from</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: is it about jesus then??????</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jesus wasnt even real</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i know he wasnt real!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: wait...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: are you saying</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: obama was real?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yes</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: obama was real</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: he was the president</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: all this time i thought obama was like</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: an aspirational fictional character that you
      modeled your life after</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: AHAHAHAHA I CAN’T AHAHA BREATHE...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: like snoop dog or nicolas cage</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THIS IS FUCKING INCREDIBLE</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: they were both real too</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i know that you grew up on an isolated island
      in the middle of nowhere and everything but didnt you have like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: access to the internet</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: wow well im sorry i wasted my whole childhood
      filling my head with pointless things like astrophysics and senary
      numeral systems that allow me to do complex equations in my
      head!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no dude thats kind of fucked up</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: karkat stop laughing jades fucked up
      childhood isnt funny</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HAHAHAHAHA YES IT FUCKING IS!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ALSO SCREW YOU FOR SAYING IT’S NOT
      FUNNY??</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHY IS IT LIKE SOME SORT OF *TRAGEDY* HOW
      SHE WAS RAISED?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BECAUSE SHE WAS RAISED ALONE BY AN
      ANIMAL??</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: *I* WAS RAISED ALONE BY AN ANIMAL!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: FUCK OFF AND LET ME ENJOY THIS!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: AHHHHHH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat has finally pulled his hand away so
      that he can clutch his stomach, he’s laughing so hard. Jade gets up
      and stalks over to where Dave is awkwardly cowering at the other
      end of the couch and snatches his tablet from him. There’s a ripple
      in the room that makes it clear their god tier powers have just
      clashed against each other. He shifts his arm through time and Jade
      warps the space around them so that she’s the one holding the
      tablet. This is not the first time that they have rearranged the
      fabric of reality for a petty reason like this. Karkat has
      permanently sworn off playing board games with them.</p>
      <p>The moment Jade brings the paint program up on the television,
      Karkat stops laughing.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">He tries to grab the tablet from her, but
      she’s hovering well above the ground and he simply is not tall
      enough to reach. With a shit-eating grin and deliberate care, Jade
      begins to draw a grid.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: ill put this in terms karkat will appreciate,
      check it out</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: JADE, I SWEAR TO...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat jumps and tries to grab her skirt, but
      she swims through the air with ease, giggling as she doodles.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU BETTER NOT BE DRAWING WHAT I THINK
      YOU’RE DRAWING!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Her artistic skill even at the advanced age of
      twenty-three still leaves something to be desired, but it’s pretty
      easy to produce recognizable caricatures of the three people in the
      room right now. She gives Karkat a pair of fuzzy, angry eyebrows
      and starts drawing other lines. Sinister lines, with salacious
      meaning. It’s exactly what Karkat fears: a shipping grid.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: STOP! CEASE! DESIST THIS MOMENT! DO NOT
      DRAW ONE MORE LINE!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh nooo im drawing a line karkat better stop
      me before it goes aaaall the way from my mouth to yours!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Karkat catches the back of her shirt and she
      goes plummeting weightlessly to the floor, still laughing. Karkat
      tries to wrestle the pen out of her hand, but all he accomplishes
      is turning the redrom trajectory between her and Dave into a redrom
      loop-de-loop.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: see me and karkat have great black
      chemistry!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IT IS NOT BLACK CHEMISTRY YOU HORRID
      NON-CHITINOUS WINDBAG!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade and Karkat roll over each other on the
      floor and he gets a mouthful of her hair</p>
      <p class="no-indent">for his trouble. Jade comes out on top and
      sits on his back, humming to herself as she crafts her grand
      design.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: and now that daves all chill hed make a great
      auspistice</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She says, cheerful and oblivious.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: because you and karkat are kind of like
      moirails</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: and you and i</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: well yknow its always been pretty flirty</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jade</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: EXCEPT!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade finishes drawing a shaky heart directly
      into the paint program. It’s so big and bright on the TV that it
      fills the entire room with red light. Karkat raises his face and
      stares at it in utterly bereft horror. The sick light makes the
      bags under his eyes look like divots.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: in this model..........</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: troll quadrants are dumb so we ALL kiss!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i call this political arrangement:</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: fully automated luxury polyamorous space-time
      communism!!!!!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">No one reacts. Karkat is defeated, completely.
      Dave has just crossed his arms and pressed his mouth into a thinner
      line than usual. Jade’s ears flatten and she huffs. It sounds a
      little like a dog whining.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh come on that was a good one!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: its politically relevant and everything</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jade im not gonna laugh at your made up ship
      name for this imaginary threesome thats not happening</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade rolls her eyes and tosses both the tablet
      and pen over her shoulder. Dave flashes across the living room to
      catch his very expensive computing device in both arms. The pen
      bounces off his forehead. Jade dismounts from Karkat’s poor,
      abused, terribly mortal spine and brushes down her skirt.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: well ive said what i wanted to say</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: its up to you two what you do with it</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i have to go talk to roxy and callie about
      the election anyway</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: call me when you two figure it all out!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade clicks her heels together to propel
      herself back into the air and actually winks at them before
      absconding through an open window. She has to push the thick
      curtains aside to do so. Karkat hisses when the light spills over
      his face.</p>
      <p>What Jade leaves in her wake is not quite the emotional
      scorched-earth situation that she was going for, but a few of her
      needles have definitely gotten under some skin. Dave and Karkat
      both stare after her, silently caught in their own private
      rationalization spirals.</p>
      <p>Karkat needs to verbalize part of his out loud.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WOW WHAT A CRAZY AND TOTALLY IMPROBABLE
      CONVERSATION WE JUST HAD WITH OUR BEST FRIEND JADE.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: y...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT A GOOD THING FOR US THAT SHE’S
      TOTALLY DELUSIONAL AND HAS NO IDEA WHAT SHE’S TALKING ABOUT,
      HUH?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: for sure</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave offers Karkat a hand up from the floor.
      When their palms connect, there’s a moment where something could
      happen. A little spark of potential. It would be so very easy for
      something to happen.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ...........</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ..........</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WANNA PLAY SOME TROLL TONY HAWK?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hell</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>