<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 19</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s19'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 19</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">A</span>nyway,
      back to the B Plot.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Right about now, Jade should be wrapping up her
      political presentation to Roxy and Calliope, using a lot more
      graphs and far fewer words than Dave did when roping her into the
      election. Her approach is definitely more heady, but it’s also more
      accessible. Jade’s got this disarming combo of head-in-the-clouds
      flightiness and the kind of legit, down-to-earth cred that can only
      be earned by having done something like cutting open your own
      grandfather and stuffing him full of polyurethane foam.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: so you see janes neoliberal austerity
      measures—</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Roxy groans upon hearing the phrase
      “neoliberal austerity measures” for no less than the third time in
      this presentation.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: as i outlined here in graph b-2</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: and here in figure a-6</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: and here!!! in this very spooky drawing i
      dictated to callie</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: (great drawing by the way!!!)</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: ^u^</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: —will no doubt lead to a whole bunch of ugly
      societal backlashes</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: not just in economic terms but on a number of
      other more serious vertices that weve been lucky enough to avoid on
      new earth so far</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: u dont say</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i DO say!!!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: the thing is that jane is an establishment
      leader</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: shes looking at doing things the way our old
      universes did them</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: shes pretty convinced that shes going to be
      able to replicate the capitalist hierarchies that earth had but in
      a more “responsible” way</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: but none of that stuff actually
      worked!!!!!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and u think karkat can do better?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i think its worth it to give him a chance</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: hes a leader of the people AND hes
      experienced firsthand what happens when establishment goes too
      far</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: which i imagine you can sympathize with!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Jade takes a deep breath, panting a
      little. Her graphs are floating around the living room in disarray.
      She spins them around her, gliding her hands through the air like a
      conductor, before folding the pages together and shrinking them to
      pocket size.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: and!!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: that’s my pitch!!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Roxy and Calliope exchange a look.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: i’m...</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: going to get Us tea and snacks. woUld
      yoU like some, jade?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: yeah sure</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: any preferences?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: ummm pumpkin matcha if you have it</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: of coUrse. i’ll be right back.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Calliope excuses herself from the
      conversation, and flees to the kitchen, seemingly making no attempt
      to disguise the fact that she is in fact fleeing. Jade deflates as
      she watches her go, sensing that her presentation wasn’t the slam
      dunk she was hoping for.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: soooo..........</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: what do you think?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hmmmm</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: well i gotta say</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: this has been a hella convincing argument all
      in all</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: buuuuut idk if i can help u out</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: what????</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: why not?!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Roxy presses her lips together, then
      bounces her palms on her knees. Her gaze slides east, right out the
      window. She and Calliope live in a belfry above New Prospit. One
      end of their living room is an oriel window that looks out over a
      public park. The other disappears into an arcading hallway lit at
      the far end by a giant stained glass window that Calliope made
      herself. The corbels supporting it have windy, abstract shapes
      carved into them. This room reminds Jade of her childhood home,
      except that it’s bright and warm and not inhabited in all corners
      by corpses and ghosts.</p>
      <p class="dirk">That’s why she can’t settle down. That’s what keeps
      Jade Harley flitting from couch to couch, relationship to
      relationship. She can’t stop thinking to herself that “home” comes
      awfully close to rhyming with “alone.”</p>
      <p class="dirk">Home is John, who doesn’t call anymore. Home is
      when Rose and Kanaya welcome her in from a cold night and help her
      set lyrics to her sick basslines. Home is here, snorting at Roxy’s
      irreverent method of storytelling and admiring Callie’s art. Home
      is Dave and Karkat. <em>Especially</em> Dave and Karkat. Jade knows
      that this election is important for a number of reasons, but let’s
      not mistake her enthusiasm for some kind of humanistic altruism.
      Girl’s got personal reasons for doing all this.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Jade drifts down to sit cross-legged on the couch
      beside Roxy. She stares at her with a doggish expression—eyes wide,
      head lolling to the side—until she gets an answer.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i just dont rly</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: care about politics that much i guess</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Roxy turns to face Jade again, smiling
      apologetically.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: also this election is all kinds of
      personal</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i mean if i came into ur house and asked u to
      make some grand political w/e against your bff</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: would you be all</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: oh yea totes sign me tf up</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: im alls ABOUT the sowing of discord among my
      childhood friends</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: siiiigh let me guess</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: dirk got to you first</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: not even</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i got no problem tellin dirk where to stick
      it lmao</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but dirks not the one running</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: you think hes NOT the one pulling the strings
      behind the scenes?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: sure but give janey a lil credit</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: shes got more moxie and ambition in her pinky
      than the rest of us got all together</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: shes been planning this for years</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but shes yknow</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: ruthless? :B</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Roxy frowns. Jade is being pretty
      unfair.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: *fragile*</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: shes gotta be miss perfect all the time for
      the billboards n press meetings</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: always wearin those power suits trying to
      look like a big bad bitch</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: you mean like....... the condesce?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: wow ouch</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: im not just imagining it though, right???</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: you see it too</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: not to dredge up something horrible from your
      history</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: but her whole image is just kinda......
      *woof*</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: is that what you guys think?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: u and dave and karkat?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: well...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: yeah</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Roxy leans forward and stares Jade down,
      like she’s searching for something behind Jade’s eyes. Jade
      unwittingly responds in kind, looking for meaning behind Roxy’s
      gaze. But she comes up empty. And to be honest, so do I.</p>
      <p class="dirk">In the spirit of full disclosure, Roxy’s the only
      one left I haven’t been able to crack. Her mind remains a total
      enigma to me, just like it always has. If I had to guess, it’s her
      Void powers that make her invisible, even to increasingly
      omniscient parties such as myself. For all intents and purposes,
      it’s like her thoughts don’t exist. She’s the same person, as far
      as I can tell. She still wears her heart on her sleeve. But the
      bottom line remains: Roxy Lalonde is still utterly fucking
      inscrutable.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: well janes not perfect</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Roxy shrugs and runs a hand through her
      hair, which has been recently cut shorter than usual.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and idk if shell be a good president</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but shes not betty crocker</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and i luv her and i dont wanna hurt her
      feelings</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and thats p much all there is to say on the
      matter</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Calliope returns from the kitchen with
      three cups, a handmade teapot, and some candied cakes. Jade finally
      relents.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: fiiiiine</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i understand</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: callie what about you?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Calliope sets down the snacks, and
      brushes Jade’s skirt aside so she can sit down. She puts a claw to
      her mouth and makes a facial expression more complicated than you’d
      think a skull would be capable of.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: oh, i’d rather stay Uninvolved, thank
      yoU.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: :(</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: i feel like interfering in both
      politics and a personal argUment between my friends woUld be
      impolite as well as kind of... stressfUl, to be honest.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: yeah</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: sorry callie i probably shouldnt have put all
      that on you</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: less apologizing, more snacking!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Calliope claps her hands together. It’s a
      bright noise. Her tone of voice is bright too. All these years and
      she still can’t believe that she has so many friends. She smiles at
      Jade, and Jade smiles back. The tea tastes great. The cakes are
      even better. Callie’s an artist in everything she does.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: wow callie youre such an amazing hostess!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: hehehe roxy youre so lucky to have her</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Roxy giggles. Awkwardly. She gives Jade a
      gentle jostle, an elbow to the ribs, and lowers her voice.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: psst not “her,” “them”</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Jade tenses up, and pales. Turns a
      wide-eyed look to Calliope, who is still smiling politely. She
      realizes, a bit too late, the profoundly insensitive nature of her
      social misstep.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh!!!!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">She grabs one of Calliope’s hands.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh wow!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: im sorry i didnt mean to be uh... culturally
      insensitive?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: have i just been stupidly calling you a girl
      for years like a big fat dummy??</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh nooooo! im such an asshole!!!!!</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: yoU are absolUtely not an
      asshole!</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: i didn’t mind being called a girl. i
      still don’t really mind, it’s jUst not exactly... accUrate.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: bUt i did take comfort in “being a
      girl” for a very long time. this is something i’ve only recently
      decided.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yea...!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Roxy pauses, even though the lilt of her
      voice makes the sentence sound unfinished. She stutters the next
      part out.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: m-me too actually</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: you??</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: o yeah we are both a “they” household now</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: package deal thing</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: things r nonbinary as fuck around here</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Wait.</p>
      <p class="dirk">What?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: really?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yup</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: well</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i mean thats probably a dumb and bad way to
      say it dont tell anyone i said it that way rofl</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but yeah thats about whats goin on</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Roxy? Seriously?</p>
      <p class="dirk">Like I said, fucking <em>inscrutable</em>.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I never would have guessed. Not that I’ve spent
      much time contemplating issues related to gender. I’m pretty secure
      in my expression of masculinity, and...</p>
      <p class="dirk">You know what? Fuck this. I don’t owe anyone an
      explanation of any sort on this topic. I’m confident with who I am,
      what I am, my gender, as well as my understanding of the concept.
      You want my honest opinion? It’s fucking fantastic. Good for them.
      Both of them, I mean, but also, both of them in a singular fashion,
      since each one can now individually be referred to by the
      conventionally plural word “them.” I’m ecstatic for this personal
      development they’ve embraced, for the people they are, the lack of
      gender they identify with, and the pronouns they prefer. I’ve got
      no problem with it whatsoever, and frankly, it’s <em>fucking
      insulting</em> anyone would ever imagine otherwise.</p>
      <p class="dirk">So yeah, I’m gonna allow it.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Carry on.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: wow that felt good to say aloud man</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ahah hahaha hell of a way to come out</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: its ok</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i dont wanna make you uncomfortable</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i know</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: but i am curious!</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: if you need to talk about it i mean</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: maybe</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: callie and i have been talkin about it a
      lot</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: unpackin all kinda baggage w/ their alien
      stuff and my human stuff</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and so i got to thinking</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: what even is gender</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: amirite lol?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: oh yeah</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: that makes sense i guess........</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Jade looks at where her hands are folded
      in her lap. Bites her lip. She has her own concerns about this, her
      own thoughts. Reasonable thoughts, I’d say. But I’ll refrain from
      any further comment. I’m staying away from this subject, from now
      on.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: so youre uh</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: not...... “doing gender” anymore??</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ya i guess not lmfao</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i mean that was all stuff from our old
      universe</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: whyd we even bring it here right?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: right</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Calliope takes a teacake between two of
      her claws and eats it delicately, hyper-aware of the horrible
      gnashing and snapping her powerful jaw is capable of.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: my ideas aboUt gend—</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">SHIT. Between two of <em>their</em>
      claws. They take a teacake between two of their claws and eats it
      delicately. Sorry, my bad.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: —er were entirely inflUenced by my
      time watching earth.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: i sUppose i only thoUght of myself as
      a girl because my, Um...</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: my brother took mascUlinity qUite
      serioUsly.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: by which i mean, he became very
      enthUsiastic aboUt all the things it sUpposedly meant to be a
      boy.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: cherUb existence is dichotomoUs, bUt
      not in the same way hUman biology is.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: i sUppose oUr view of hUman cUlture
      indirectly inflUenced alternia’s development, which in tUrn
      affected yoUrs, which is something i’ve had a lot of time to think
      aboUt since we came here.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: it’s all so very circUitoUs and
      arbitrary.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yeah exactly!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: like when u think about it...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: so much of what earth c thinks what boys and
      girls “SHOULD” do comes straight from the imagination of a bunch of
      dumb teens</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: which is totally FUCKED</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: sure</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Jade nods quite thoughtfully. She’d be a
      doggy’s fucking uncle if she wasn’t gonna come across woke as hell
      about all this. Truthfully though, it <em>was</em> making sense to
      her. Eye-opening, really. Why hadn’t anyone told her this was even
      an option when she was younger? She probably would have loved being
      a “they” when she was a teen.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i mean what am i gonna do</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: get married and pop out 100 bbs?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: uh... no???</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: exactly</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i mean once upon a time i guess i thought
      about that</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but i dont think its what i really wanted</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i just liked the idea of me and dirk makin
      some smart ass awesome kids together</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: cuz i liked the idea of dirk</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and also literally no one else on the entire
      planet was alive at the time</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but we had some babies without even bein
      consulted about it anyway so w/e</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: your kids ARE pretty cool</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i KNOW right?</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: personally im a big fan!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">And like that, Jade’s smiling again. The
      storm clouds pass so quickly in her world, you almost wouldn’t have
      thought there was anything wrong at all. Roxy and Calliope
      certainly didn’t notice.</p>
      <p class="dirk">But there is something wrong. And this time,
      they’ll notice.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: i...</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: i.........</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Jade drops her tea. The cup hits the
      floor and shatters.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: jade?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">She takes in a sharp breath. She’s not
      feeling well suddenly. She’s dizzy, feverish, seeing things beyond
      her field of vision. A blinding flash of light. A black, perfect
      circle, burning a hole in her eyes. She tries to stand, but her
      knees wobble and knock together. Roxy shoots out of her seat and
      catches her before she hits the floor.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: o shit</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: is she okay?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: idk</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: get a cloth from the kitchen! and some
      water!</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: okay! i’ll be right back!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Roxy eases Jade onto the couch and checks
      her pulse. She doesn’t look bad at all— Jade wears unconsciousness
      well, having spent the better part of her life napping. Roxy slaps
      her cheeks lightly and says her name. Begs her to wake up.</p>
      <p class="dirk">But she can’t hear her. Jade is somewhere else
      right now.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>