<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 10</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s10'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 10</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">J</span>ane
      Crocker sweeps into her office with grace befitting her station and
      slams the door shut behind her. The sun cuts through her venetian
      blinds, painting butter-yellow strips of light all the way from one
      end of her impeccably tailored office to the other. It’s a lovely
      day, like most days, so not terribly remarkable except for the
      horrid news that she has just received at her customary morning
      press conference.</p>
      <p>Jane comes to a brisk stop alongside one of her floor-to-ceiling
      windows—which span a full two-thirds of her office—and brushes her
      hands over her hips to smooth the wrinkles out of her powder-blue
      pencil skirt. Then she hems, haws, puffs out her cheeks, and takes
      a very deep breath before snatching a pillow off the nearest couch
      so that she can scream into it.</p>
      <p>There are, surely, a multitude of ways for a person to find out
      that an acquaintance is running against you in a presidential
      election. From a carapacian reporter, in front of twenty-six other
      members of the interspecies press, was not the method Jane would
      have personally chosen. She is certain that she retained her poise
      and managed not to look too shocked at the news. She did not
      exclaim “What?!” but instead managed to eke out through gritted
      teeth and pursed lips a reasonably thoughtful-sounding
      “Hmmmmmm!”</p>
      <p>She cannot believe that Karkat would do this to her. This is no
      longer a political fiat (which the election would surely have been
      had she run uncontested by any other civilization-founding
      celebrities) but rather a battle between “friends.” What did Vantas
      think he was doing?</p>
      <p>No, no—it’s not Vantas, Jane realizes. This could not have
      possibly been Karkat’s idea. Jane knows Karkat. Not intimately, or
      even casually, but well enough to have made a generalized
      assessment of his basic character over the years. He is not cut out
      for politics, neither intellectually nor in the very important
      matter of social constitution. Certainly not when it comes to
      economic policy. In fact, Jane is pretty sure that Karkat Vantas
      would probably literally burst into flame if too many people
      happened to look at him at the same time, like a vampire walking
      out into the sun.</p>
      <p>Wait. Jane lowers the pillow from her face and stares at her
      brass-and-glass art deco ceiling. Was that vampire thing xenophobic
      against Kanaya? Or whatever it was that Kanaya was supposed to be?
      No, of course not, she assures herself. With trolls it was the
      other way around: vampires were the only members of their species
      who didn’t balk at the sunlight. Another reason Karkat would make a
      poor president. Unless... he ran as the Night President? No, the
      idea is foolish. Best not to give him any ideas. There can only be
      ONE president.</p>
      <p>No, surely this must have been Dave’s idea. The kind of plot
      hatched from their little nest of mutually supportive, codependent,
      interspecies... whatever it was they had going on over there. Dave
      was certainly no Dirk Strider, no Rose Lalonde, no Roxy, but he had
      that same scheming gene, buried deep down beneath his transparent
      onion layers of posturing and, frankly, rather outdated humor. An
      instinct to plan. And despite being inarguably the dimmest of his
      family’s impressive ecto-biological stock...</p>
      <p>Oh, dear. Stock. That’s likely a problematic word, isn’t it?
      Jane thinks. She crosses it off her mental list of “appropriate
      words to say during a press conference.”</p>
      <p>She returns to her train of thought. Despite being the least
      mentally gifted member of his family, Dave has always had an awful
      lot of opinions on the economy. In fact, Jane cannot remember a
      single conversation she’s ever had with him that wasn’t about the
      economy. She thinks back to one time at John’s eighteenth birthday
      when Dave engaged her in a rigorous and rather one-sided debate
      about deregulation and the failure of “neoliberal austerity
      measures” until Karkat had to come over and put his hands over his
      roommate’s mouth to make him stop talking. Come to think of it, of
      the few direct interactions with Karkat she’d ever had, this struck
      her as a truly great act of benevolence toward the common good.
      Maybe... he <em>would</em> make a good president?</p>
      <p>NO! She cannot succumb to such thoughts of weakness. She will
      not.</p>
      <p>Jane tosses the pillow back onto the couch and begins pacing the
      length of her office. This really was a disaster. She knew that she
      was solid on several demographic metrics; the human one, most
      certainly, and the well-to-do carapacian districts. But Karkat was
      incredibly popular in the Troll Kingdom, obviously, and carapacians
      were widely known to be swayed by underdog populism. And the
      consorts? Who had even given them the right to vote in the first
      place? In any other year...</p>
      <p>Jane hops up to sit on her desk and kicks off both her shoes.
      She picks up a pen and begins to chew the end to bits to stop
      herself from doing the same to her lower lip. In any other year,
      this wouldn’t be a problem. She’d be happy to accept a graceful,
      temporary defeat and let Karkat play president for a couple of
      years. After all, unlike her, he was not immortal. But Earth C’s
      paper-thin idyllic history was very close to a boiling point—its
      very first boiling point, in fact, which will have everything to do
      with the problematic nature of troll reproduction. The first
      generation of natural-born trolls obviously cannot be entrusted to
      a troll.</p>
      <p>Which was absolutely not a xenophobic thing to think. It was
      just realistic. The citizens of Earth C were able to rest easy
      knowing that the government held careful rein over the... well,
      over matters of equity. No one could possibly trust something so
      important to a troll, knowing what everyone knew about their
      violent history.</p>
      <p>Losing this election could mean social unrest, protests, even
      war.</p>
      <p>Jane presses her eyes shut and runs her fingers along the
      fine-grain patterns in her mahogany-paneled desk. She is about to
      think something that she has promised herself never to think again.
      In fact, she is about to say it—this horrible, ghoulish, girlish
      thought that used to rule her world and make her so terribly weak.
      The shameful thought is expressed out loud in the form of a
      defeated sigh.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">She spins around and, still sitting on her
      desk, presses a familiar entry on her phone’s contact list.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane has to suck in a hard breath to stop
      herself from groaning. Why were so many of the finest young minds
      on this planet slaves to this foolish man’s perky glutes?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Jake! Hello, how are you doing?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: As well as can be i suppose considering that
      i just woke up in the middle of a mafficking ruckus at the stadium
      after getting beaned in the pumper with the ol’ horse tranquilizer
      trick.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Which i suppose i should have seen coming, as
      dirk has ended all of our matches in this fashion for the past
      week.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Oh dear. That sounds absolutely terrible,
      Jake. Is there anything I can do to help?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Help? Gadzooks woman! I hardly think myself
      in need of help.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Its a jolly good adventure working with
      someone so predictably unpredictable as our good friend dirk!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You would think that Jake enjoyed the
      sadomasochistic nature of his and Dirk’s personal and professional
      relationships. Judging from the last conversation about election
      strategy with Dirk, he seems to be perfectly aware of this feature
      of Jake’s personality. You can’t be too nice when courting his
      endorsement, Dirk would say. He doesn’t respond to nice.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Be that as it may, Jake, I still do worry
      about you an awful lot.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Well that is...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">On Jake’s end of the line there is a crash,
      followed by a noise that sounds suspiciously like something big and
      hollow and metal connecting with Jake’s head. When Jake comes back
      to the phone, he’s yelling into it. Jane grimaces.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: ...very sweet of you jane! I appreciate very
      much that you have called me out of the blue to say such nice
      things to me with no ulterior motive!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">From anyone else, this would have been a
      portentous statement. However, Jane knows that Jake English could
      not have possibly meant this with anything but the utmost
      sincerity.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Well, you know that I—</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Because i must note that although i try to
      stay sporting about what comes at me, i cant say that i am chuffed
      about how much of my correspondence lately has to do with the
      marketing of my image.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Its beginning to feel like all people want
      from me is to stick my derriere on a signpost for their own
      profit.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Oh, Jake.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You’re right. It must be so difficult. For
      you more than the rest of us, due to your, let’s say...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Natural gifts?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Huh?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: But you know that I have always wanted what’s
      best for you, right?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: And I am ready to give that to you.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: To give me what?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: The best, Jake. The very best.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake is quiet a moment, and Jane can hear the
      rusty gears turning in his head.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: You should stop by to see me this
      evening!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Do you mean my evening or yours? Were in
      different time zones right now and i dare say that the sun just
      went down here so if you wanted to have a soiree on my time youve
      missed your chance.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jane feels her fake smile flexing so hard that
      it was beginning to hurt. Oh yes, she loved this man in basically
      every category that you could possibly love a person, but sometimes
      talking to him is like trying to build a house of cards while
      riding a mechanical bull.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Mine, of course! I’ll have the best year of
      your favorite crocodile-made scotch flown in from the Consort
      Kingdom and we’ll have a little catch-up.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jake actually hates scotch, and only drinks it
      for appearance’s sake. But for this—for this unbelievably pivotal
      moment in the history of the planet that they created with their
      bare hands—Jane is willing to spend a few thousand boonbucks to
      watch her old friend pretend to sip at the same glass for a couple
      of hours while prattling on.</p>
      <p>And she’s willing to do more than that, too.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: When’s the last time we’ve done that, just
      you and I?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: You know what? Youre quite right. Its been a
      spell since weve met up without dirk.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: An unforgivably long one at that! Whip me up
      a kipper jane ill be over promptly!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: A... kipper?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She considers asking if he intended to request
      that she literally prepare a fish for his arrival. But of course,
      Jake has already hung up.</p>
      <p>With a heavy and somewhat regretful sigh, Jane sets her phone
      down on the desk. Well, she thinks, that’s that. Time to work your
      magic, Crocker.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>