<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 29</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s29'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 29</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">T</span>he
      elevator to jane’s office opens, and she stumbles inside. the last
      traces of trickster mode are bleeding off her aura. the great gift
      of this sacred boon has run its course for the evening, and though
      she is not as grateful as she should be, she nevertheless
      acknowledges the extraordinary benefit it has afforded her with a
      slight nod to the mirror. she pulls a hand through her hair,
      watching in the reflection as the last of the pink coloration fades
      to black.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">she has been campaigning this way for some
      time now. in fact, it’s been over a week since she was last seen in
      public without the aura bestowed to her by the divine lollipop
      juju. there are many benefits to trickster mode, in that it imbues
      one with an endless supply of enthusiasm and supernatural
      positivity. additionally, it prevents one from dwelling on any
      given personal problems, or the greater implications of any
      political statements one might make.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">however, while a great portion of the
      electorate adores jane’s elevated sense of charisma and presence
      when she is in trickster mode, as they should, there are just as
      many detractors who claim that the whole thing is “extremely
      problematic.” i doubt this is true but must also acknowledge it
      exceeds the scope of my expertise to comment on the subject.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Oh my goodness.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: It’s NOT problematic!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">jane erupts, alone in the
      elevator, seemingly talking to herself. she appears to be
      responding to her own inner monologue, which i, admittedly, am
      presently conducting. she appears to agree with me on this matter.
      the juju has truly blessed her with great wisdom.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: I have endured this argument for years, and I
      honestly cannot see a single thing about it that could be even
      thinly construed as <em>problematic</em>.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Furthermore, despite the fact that I
      emphatically do <em>not</em> find it to be problematic, I have in
      the past politely refrained from indulging in the profane pleasures
      of the Trickster Lollipop out of respect for those who do find
      offense with it.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: However, citizens of the Human Kingdom
      delight in my Tricksy antics, and what kind of politician would I
      be if I were to deny my core voting demographic that sort of red
      meat?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Or... candy, I suppose.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: To imply that I am superciliously and
      recklessly stoking potentially dangerous cultural fires is honestly
      an insult.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I am guilty of only one crime: energizing my
      base!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">she is saying it better than i
      could possibly say it myself. it is unusually gratifying to witness
      a human with such high regard for hallowed cultural artifacts and
      the unparalleled blessings they bestow upon lesser beings.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Wait, who am I talking to?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">jane rubs her eyes under her
      glasses and groans. trickster mode is also quite exhausting. what a
      strange quirk of human biology that excess euphoria must
      necessarily be followed by crippling despair. she carelessly tosses
      the lollipop on the floor, lurches toward her desk...</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">no.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">she turns around promptly, her body jolted
      by the surprise of her sudden reversal. she bends over, cradles the
      lollipop reverentially, and situates it carefully in a place
      signifying respect: atop the mantle, after clearing space for it by
      shoving several brittle, worthless objects to the floor.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">only then does she drag herself to her
      desk, her legs shaking as if she has just run a great distance.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">the moment she sits down, her phone begins
      to ring.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Yes?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Yo, don’t spend too much time in Trickster
      Mode.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Is that all you have to say?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: In general? Not by a long shot.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: But pertaining to this specific issue, yeah,
      because you should know better.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: At this rate you’re going you’ll burn
      yourself out before we even go to the ballots.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Can you just trust me on this, for once? I’m
      a bit too preoccupied at this exact moment to turn my chair
      backwards and rap at you about the dangers of dope.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I know what I’m doing, Dirk.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Do I need to remind you that all of this was
      initially my idea?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: In that case, how about we tap into some of
      that outrageous political acumen of yours, dial back on the manic
      pixie dream candidate bullshit, and focus a little more on
      substantive policy speeches.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Oh come <em>on</em>, Dirk. Both you and I
      know that isn’t how politics works.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Yeah, you’re right. I can’t believe I
      actually said that with a straight face.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You say everything with a straight face.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Another fair point.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: See, Jane? This is why you’re going to clean
      his fucking clock in the debates.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: All I’m saying is, there are better ways to
      go about unscrupulously manipulating the electorate than burning
      through your entire lifetime’s supply of dopamine.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Like, perhaps, gaining the ever-vaunted
      endorsement of one Jake English?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Exactly.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You know, the last time we spoke about this
      issue I could have sworn you asked me to let <em>you</em> handle
      Jake.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Hmm.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I guess I did say that.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: ...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Dirk, are you doing quite okay?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: It’s very unlike you to forget details like
      that.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I’m fine, Jane.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">the prince is not fine. he is
      not the type who takes well to having his plans upended, or his
      control of a shared vehicle fully suppressed. my brother wasn’t
      much that type either.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Oh, fuck off. I’m nothing like that guy.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Huh?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: What guy?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Uh.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Forget it. I was talking to someone else.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Who?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Is someone else there with you?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I... no. It’s nobody. Let’s just drop it,
      ok?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">yet, unfortunately for everyone
      in the corporeal realm, the prince isn’t the type to overlook the
      need for backup plans either. he devises contingencies for both
      success and failure. wheels within wheels, as he likes to
      imagine.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">in his workshop, the prince machinates,
      while the seer both diminishes and ascends. he is being careful to
      make sure the precise nature of his activity is obscure. he closes
      his mind to all observation. he scatters many stray parts across
      his worktable and busies himself with a variety of misleading
      mechanical tasks to hide the true intent of his schemes from
      me.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">but certain objects and actions strike me
      as more notable than others. that very long, red rifle on the
      table, for instance. a weapon that does not belong to him and has
      not been used in a long time. he has been returning to the rifle
      between his other menial activities of probable misdirection. he
      dismantles it, reassembles it, slides off the receiver cover to
      examine the firing mechanism.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">the prince clearly believes he is a very
      clever boy. my brother did too.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: (Christ.)</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: So, on the Jake issue,</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Unfortunately, my influence is a
      little...</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: “Limited” at the moment.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: What does that mean?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: A whole lot of bullshit that I don’t have the
      time or patience to explain right now.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: All you need to know is that I’m working on a
      solution. To both my problem and yours.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Until then, you should figure out how to get
      Jake to, at the very least, avoid taking a side.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Actually, I <em>have</em> been
      thinking...</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Perhaps this attempt to get Jake on our side
      is the wrong angle from which to approach this vexing problem.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Wouldn’t it be much easier to discredit or
      blackmail him?</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: He is much beloved in the Troll Kingdom for
      his carefully cultivated posterior, true.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: But we both know that his bottom is not the
      <em>only</em> intimate attribute for which he is famed amongst
      Trollish citizens.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: It would take almost nothing to expose his
      many dalliances through the human media.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Hoo boy.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I know! Not to be judgmental, but his zipper
      is as loose as his pants are tight.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: That’s not what I meant by hoo boy.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: You don’t think it would work?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Oh, it could work.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: A certain illusion of boyish innocence is an
      important part of his brand.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: You contrast that innocence with the gyrating
      of his sinewy thighs, beaming raw, sweaty sexuality right into the
      camera on live TV five nights a week...</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: That’s what makes Jake English work as a
      marketable commodity. The tension between the two, the inherent
      friction there.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: He’s gotta look coy as all get-out. Like he
      has no idea how sexy he is. Like if you actually got him into bed,
      he’d completely disintegrate into a blushing mess of hesitation and
      sexless uncertainty.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Wow.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: I’ve never heard anything more preposterous
      in my life.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Yeah. Well, his fans get off on it.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: So what’s the problem?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: The part of your plan that involves exposing
      his promiscuity with trolls in order to hurt his chances with the
      human vote.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: And thereby framing interspecies sex as an
      inherently scandalous thing.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I dunno, Jane. That sounds pretty fucking
      xenophobic.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Auuugh!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Not again!</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: What ISN’T xenophobic?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Well, for one thing, what you just said
      there?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Probably also xenophobic.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: WHAT?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Sorry, that’s just how it is.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: You either gotta roll with the woke shit, or
      decide to commit laborious, symbolic, melodramatic suicide in the
      process of utterly giving up.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: ??????????</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Yes.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: It is confusing.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: But that’s why you’re lucky to have me as
      your top advisor and strategist.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">the prince appears to have
      discarded the pretense of misdirection at his worktable and is
      focused solely on the red rifle. he clicks the casing back into
      place. he sets the weapon on his shoulder so he can test the view
      through the scope. the setting sun bounces off the slick, red metal
      and slices a bar of light across the wall behind him.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Sigh.</p>
      <p class="jane">JANE: Dirk... do you want me to deal with Jake or
      not? You’ve offered nothing helpful yet, but you’ve shot down all
      my ideas.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: That’s because lately, all your ideas have
      been fucking terrible, Jane.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Seriously. You’ve got to quit the
      tricksterpop. It’s rotting your brain.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">said the heathen. the cur. a
      true philistine. jane’s head swivels sharply to look at the juju on
      the mantle. she admires it longingly. piously. she will never
      relinquish her priceless boon, no matter what reprehensible lies
      the prince whispers into her ear.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jane">JANE: Then what do you want me to DO?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Play defense for a while. Like I said, I’ve
      got some cakes in the oven so to speak.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: But we can’t set them on the cooling plate
      just yet, so go make some fondant in the meantime.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">jane frowns. the baking metaphor
      felt like one contrived purely for her benefit, and therefore
      condescending. and yet she hates how effective it was. she laments
      her own weakness for being so easily swayed by a well-delivered
      baking comparison. she lets the prince go, and begins making her
      own plans.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">in his workshop, the prince lines up an
      imaginary shot. he pulls the trigger, listening to the pieces
      within slide and click together in a satisfying concert of metallic
      sounds. impeccably assembled, perfectly greased. the gun is not
      loaded, but the shot goes off without a hitch.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">what do you think you’re up to,
      prince?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: <span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom--md">Your
      ass is mine, Jake English.</span></p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">he speaks under his breath
      inaudibly, perhaps frustrated, unaccustomed to scheming while
      others look over his shoulder. it’s possible he is not as bold, or
      as confident in his own designs as i believed.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I <em>fucking</em> said, your ass is mine,
      Jake English.</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>