<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 39</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s39'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 39</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">I</span>’m inside
      Jake’s mansion. It’s just as idiotically garish as the last time I
      saw it. There was once a time I swore I’d never set foot in here
      again, for various reasons I won’t get into. Jake is the type of
      guy who makes you say stuff like that. But he’s also the type who
      reminds you never to say never. Here I fucking am again, in this
      useless dickhead’s dime-store McMansion. But only because I need
      one of his ships.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Rose is still asleep from the drugs. I put her on
      that monstrous, overstuffed velvet couch over there. My guy
      Squarewave is here too. I need his help today, because there’s a
      lot of cargo to wrangle. He’s wheeling something around on a hand
      truck. Something about the height of Rose, roughly Rose-shaped, and
      wrapped in a cloth. I know she’s gonna love it the first time she
      sees it. But the only way she’ll be able to do that is when she’s
      awake and looking in a mirror.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Jake owns Skaianet, a company which, among many
      other things, manufactures spaceships. They do a stiff business
      selling these rigs, especially with all the new military contracts
      the Crocker administration has been handing out. If it weren’t for
      his connection to a good supply of quality starcraft, I’m honestly
      not sure if I’d even bother stopping by before leaving. I’d have to
      think about it. Yeah, we’re “friends,” I suppose, but there really
      isn’t much I have to say to this guy anymore. But as long as I’m
      here, I have to confess I’ve been mulling over a few choice remarks
      to let him chew on while I’m gone.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I didn’t tell him I’d be coming. That would be a
      scene. He’d “prepare” too much. Roll out the red carpet, so to
      speak. Suggest plans, stammer nervously, throw on something a bit
      more skin-hugging than usual. I may have already mentioned, but I’m
      a bit too deft at this for my own good. Doing the thing where I tug
      at the part of someone’s latent thought process that already knows
      they adore me. That if someone would just pull the stops from their
      sense of inhibition, they’d realize they would do anything for
      me.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Though I could be overselling my methods of
      persuasion while shortchanging my natural aura of charisma and
      dashing good looks. Maybe I’m just that fucking charming? There are
      times when I actually do manage to underestimate my positive
      qualities, believe it or not.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Normally, corralling Jake’s attention is like
      greasing up your whole naked body and tackling a shrieking hog on
      rocket skates. There was always a part of his mind that was
      conflicted about me—intrigued, titillated, wary. But now he’s just
      plain obsessed.</p>
      <p class="dirk">That wasn’t really what I was going for, but hey.
      With political warfare comes collateral damage. It’s harmless
      enough anyway. It’s not like I gave him a sick scar, or anything
      that would hurt his value as priceless sexual commodity. The only
      thing affected was his brain. It’s a bit like if someone hacked a
      comments section. Who gives a shit?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: DIRK!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">I glance up the stairs, where he’s
      standing on the precipice overlooking the foyer. Yeah, he
      definitely wasn’t expecting company. He’s completely nude, except
      for a pair of boxers with a pattern of green skulls, pistols, and
      some shapes that maybe are supposed to be pot leaves.</p>
      <p class="dirk">He blunders down the stairs at top speed, runs over
      and gives me a huge bro-hug, making my spine pop. God, he’s so
      fucking strong. I <em>hate</em> that the brief feeling of being
      crushed by this oaf makes my dick twitch slightly.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Hey Jake.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Well isn’t this a heap of shillelaghs and
      shamrocks!</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Uh...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I had no idea you had plans to visit my
      humble abode!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: To swing about the ole manor du chez ingles
      as they say.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: That’s three different fucking languages.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: So what brings you here pal?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I seem to recall the last time we were
      bumming about the rumpus cabana you swore some sort of blood oath
      youd never set foot in here again with one of your customary
      dramatic flourishes.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Yeah, well.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I meant it at the time.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Let’s just leave it at that.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Okie doke!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: GOSH its so good to see you.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: SO good.....</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">He’s gently stroking the side of my arm
      now, making no effort to disguise his interest in the contours of
      my muscles. I use that arm to put a hand on his shoulder in an
      affable way, so that he’s forced to stop.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Listen, man.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: You got a spare spaceship lying around?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: We’re going on a trip.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">I nod over in the direction of the couch.
      Jake’s eyebrows shoot up.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Oh! I didnt even notice rose there.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Wow she looks really zonked. Bad hangover i
      presume?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Hold the phone wasnt she supposed to be off
      the sauce? Or is that not a thing anymore?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: It’s not a hangover. She’s just tired.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Can you help us out?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Of course mate. Ive got frickin scads of the
      things lying around.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Prototypes. Top secret experimental models.
      Galaxy class ball busters dogeared for the whiteshirts in the
      gubmint! ;)</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: They pay some tidy coin for all this
      industrio military whatsit you know.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">I’m gritting my teeth, focusing on
      breathing steadily.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Yeah, um.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I don’t know, dude. Anything, really.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Something fast.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Fast! We can do fast.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">He scurries over to a new-money–looking
      baroque antique cabinet, his ample junk swinging about in his loose
      boxers free as a jaybird. He opens a small door and rifles through
      a stack of stray papers and captchalogue cards.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Heres one! Oughta do you splendidly.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Thanks bro.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">I take it. We’re almost through this
      dirty little bit of business. I know there’s more, though. There
      always is with him. In fact, here it comes. I can smell it a mile
      away. I know exactly what he’s about to say, and the buoyant
      obliviousness with which he’ll say it.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: So where are we going?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Yeah, I thought this misunderstanding might
      happen.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: My bad, man. I wasn’t that clear up
      front.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: “We” aren’t going anywhere.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: It’s just me and Rose on this trip.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Ooh! I see.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Well when you live the married life i suppose
      from time to time one must get away from the old ball and chain one
      way or another.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: So its a stag night of sorts. In space. With
      a gay girl instead of a fella!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: And... not me.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Yes.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Jake falls quiet for a moment as his
      pitiful pea brain struggles to process the shocking
      information.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Gadzooks...!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Well say no more then.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: So um... how long will you be away? Does
      kanaya know about all of these shenanigans?</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Yes.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: We’ve discussed it. She’s ok with it.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Whew good to see theres no trouble in
      paradise. Theyve always had the most lovely marriage.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: On the other hand you know how those dames
      can be... rargh!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">He shakes his fist to demonstrate
      whatever bad point he’s making.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: There are times let me tell you how i feel
      like i dodged a bullet by not jumping the matrimonial broom with
      jane.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I love her to death obviously and id do
      fucking anything for her especially now that shes EL
      PRESIDEÑTE!!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Cripes... woo boy sometimes i can hardly
      believe how that sounds but it sure is what happened isnt it?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Partly thanks to a humdinger of a speech by
      yours truly but... um... but WOW never mind THAT old saw!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: What im saying is... i dont know what im
      saying? We guys need to stick together sometimes and live our lives
      and not...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Well. Play such ornamental roles in the lives
      of our important and powerful womanly counterparts dear to us
      though they be!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I think maybe im saying we should hang out
      more dirk??</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: No pressure i mean! When you get back from
      your extraterrestrial camping trip of course!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Um...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: When did you say you were coming back?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">He’s sweating. More nervous than I’ve
      ever seen him before. Stammering, desperate. I need to be brutally
      direct with this poor guy. Enough’s enough.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I won’t be coming back, Jake.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">His mouth is hanging open. Not a shred of
      restraint in his crestfallen posture. But he needs to hear this.
      All of it.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Like</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Wait.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: You arent...</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Coming back.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Ever.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Ever???</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Yeah.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: But...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I dont</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Why dirk?????</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">The tears are starting to come. His
      composure is breaking. He’s staring intently at my face, as if
      trying to drink in every precious moment of what he knows in his
      heart will be the last time we ever see each other. He takes in
      every drop of light reflecting from my beautiful face. The sculpted
      cheekbones, the warrior’s eyebrows, the deadly serious yet
      exquisitely kissable mouth. This is the face he lives for now. A
      visage that, in mere minutes, will vanish from his life forever.
      The tears drop. His voice cracks.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Please...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Please take me with you dirk.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I can’t do that, Jake.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: It’s not within the parameters of the
      mission.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: But...!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: What mission!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I... cant do this alone dirk!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: This life... this... whatever is happening
      now. Whatevers expected of me...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I cant do it.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Not without you!</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: You’re going to have to, man.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Jane needs you now more than ever.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: She has a tough road ahead.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: It’s hard running a planet, but she’ll whip
      it into shape.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I trust her, and so should you.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: B-but!</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: She needs you at her side.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: If all goes well, she’ll rule Earth C for
      millions of years, and you’ll be critical to that reign.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: But i dont know what to DO dirk!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I dont know HOW to help someone rule!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I wouldnt know the first thing about...
      strategy or advising or policy or...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">I almost burst out laughing, but I manage
      to control myself.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Uh, Jake. Nobody wants you to do any of
      that.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Well, I know Jane sure doesn’t.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Then... what...</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: You’ll just be, you know.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Her candy boy?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: CANDY BOY???</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Yeah. Being on call.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Serving a multimillion-year term of giving
      her the right kind of “presidential action” she needs to keep
      going. To keep her morale up and such.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: To provide her with many heirs.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Doesn’t that sound cool?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: HEIRS??</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Yeah, like. Kids. A lot of them.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Think about it. You could have thousands of
      kids.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: They’ll all grow old and die, because they
      aren’t god tiers like both of you are.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: But you just keep having more.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Sounds pretty badass to me. Like getting to
      live through your entire future family tree.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: To watch your own endlessly branching dynasty
      flourish.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I’m almost a little jealous.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: NO!!!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: That sounds... DREADFUL!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: DIRK PLEASE!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">I glance at a clock on the wall. This
      needs to end soon. There are a lot of important things still to be
      done, and this sure isn’t one of them.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: Time to man up, Jake.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: This is what your life is now. It’s only bad
      if you treat it this way.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: It’s actually fantastic. Someday you’ll get
      it.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: No dirk!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I cant bear to let you go!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Youve... youve meant so much to me my whole
      life!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I probably did a bad job of showing that
      because im such a shitty blubbering fucking numbnut IDIOT!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: You dont think i KNOW im a fucking bonehead
      who no one respects!!!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: But youre all i have to keep me anchored to
      ANY feeling of true self worth i ever had!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: You taught me so much! Remember the old days
      in sburb dirk?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Those days were the absolute BEES KNEES!
      Jesus christopher CLOWNCOCK dirk!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: You taught me... taught me about...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Combat! Philosophy! Life! Love!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: LOVE dirk!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I dont... im so bad with feelings... i never
      said it when we were together but i... i...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: i LOVE you dirk!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I LOVE YOU!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: THERE I SAID IT I LOVE YOU!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: IVE NEVER LOVED ANYONE SO MUCH IN MY WHOLE
      LIFE!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">He waits a second for a response, but my
      face doesn’t move a muscle. He won’t dare waste this momentum
      though. He threw in the penny. Here comes the pound.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Dirk im BEGGING you just take me with
      you!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Its... its fine! You dont have to love
      me!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Im ok with that! Whatever you want!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I just need to be with you! Near you!
      ANYTHING!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I cant stay here! Please not without you!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I want to be anywhere but here as long as its
      with YOU!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">He explodes into tears. A sloppy,
      volcanic eruption of mucus, ugly noises, and the tatters of a bared
      soul.</p>
      <p class="dirk">He begins slumping to the ground. But I grab his
      shoulders roughly and lift him up with a violent jerk. I look into
      his eyes furiously. My glare is incinerating. It halts his
      infantile wailing like a cranky baby somewhere just got tossed into
      the vacuum of space. He’s scared. No, terrified. Of being left with
      no one who truly cares for him. Of the magnitude of his raw,
      perilously unearthed feelings. But most of all, right here, right
      now. He’s terrified of ME.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I pull him close with all my strength, flush to my
      body, wrap my arms around him to cradle the back of his head in my
      calloused palm, and I kiss him. It’s the softest kiss I’ve ever
      given. My lips yield in a way that feels to him impossibly,
      miraculously forgiving. Like cannonballing into a frozen lake only
      to discover it’s not frozen at all. It’s not even water. It’s a
      sheet of a thousand layers of silk. It’s a pool of a trillion
      discrete, tiny, shimmering beads of chilled mercury. It’s the
      final, gentle exhale of the most beautiful symphony ever played.
      It’s the soothing, mythically rumored oasis where the satyrs and
      nymphs once took pleasure and together forged the very concept of
      comfort we understand today.</p>
      <p class="dirk">It lasts a fleeting moment. Two ticks of the clock
      over there. Two ticks longer than anyone will ever kiss him like
      that again. Two ticks longer than he ever deserved.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I move my hands up to his face, and with my palms
      on his wet cheeks, I gently push his head about six inches away
      from my face, and say:</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: I’m sorry, Jake.</p>
      <p class="dirk">DIRK: But I’ll never let you break my heart
      again.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Abruptly I turn, and walk to the couch. I
      pick up Rose, nod at Squarewave. He springs into action, pushing
      the hand truck out the door. Without looking back, I follow, and
      slam the door behind me.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>