<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 38</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s38'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 38</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">B</span>ut before
      we get completely out of dodge, there’s one more trifling matter
      I’d better take care of.</p>
      <p class="dirk">It’s a big day, but not one my dear brotherson and
      his irascible boywife seem to be relishing. Dave and Karkat are
      both squatting in their shameful bunker of defeat, all the curtains
      drawn shut so that the sunlight cannot disturb an atmosphere that
      was carefully cultivated to facilitate their sourpuss moping.</p>
      <p class="dirk">The only illumination is emanating from their
      television screen, which broadcasts the bright and sunny scene of
      Jane’s inauguration. She stands at a podium in front of a crowd of
      thousands of her adoring fans and subjects, belting out one killer
      speech. I wrote it, so you know it’s good.</p>
      <p class="dirk">But the mood in here is heavy. I think they’ve been
      coasting on denial for a while, but today is the day they have to
      finally accept that there are no take-backs, no do-overs: Jane is
      the president, and that’s that.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Karkat’s all balled up on the couch as he stares
      hatefully at the televised production. He doesn’t look up when Dave
      walks back into the room, carrying two massive bottles of
      liquor.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hey</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: want to get drunk</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Huh.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HUH?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i went and got all this fucking booze</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU *GOT* BOOZE?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah check it</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU ACTUALLY WENT AND *GOT* IT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: LIKE, YOU LITERALLY LEFT THE HOUSE AND
      EXCHANGED CURRENCY WITH A REAL, LIVE PERSON TO OBTAIN ALCOHOL.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah i walked into the boozery all pigeon
      toed and embarrassed</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like some fuckin hooch noob</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: was all like yo whats the most pathetic thing
      you got to drink yourself to death with</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THE BOOZERY???</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: passed right by the box wine</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the bagged wine</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the shots they put in those little blister
      packs by the register</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the wine in the little sippy cups with the
      disposable plastic straws like juice for fucking babies</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i made that last one up i dont actually know
      anything about alcohol</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anyway two plastic soda bottles of vodka
      cooler seems to be about where were at right now</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i think thats what this is anyway</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i dont really care long as it gets the job
      done</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i decided that im an alcoholic now</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">I’ve always found inebriation to be
      distasteful, really. Never understood the personal appeal of it,
      and after seeing how indelicately its effects have touched the
      other members of our family, I can’t help but feel like it’s a
      waste of everybody’s fucking time. I’d have half a mind to tell him
      to dump it all in the sink, if I weren’t cutting it down to the
      wire as it is.</p>
      <p class="dirk">But you know what? Go the fuck ahead, bro. Might
      help him ease those ridiculous inhibitions for once in his life.
      Slide the stick out of his ass. Maybe slide something else up there
      instead, if you catch my drift. But I don’t want to get ahead of
      myself here. At this stage, anything could happen.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Dave sits beside Karkat on the couch, and sets the
      alcohol down on the table in front of him. He sinks heavily into
      the cushioning with a sigh.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HAVE YOU NOW.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its never too late to develop a substance
      abuse problem</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ive been thinking about it for a while and it
      seems like its time for me to finally get on the wagon of not being
      on the wagon</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT’S REALLY GREAT, DAVE.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thanks</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anyway hows the inauguration</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you having a good time dwelling on every tiny
      little factor that cumulatively led to our electoral defeat</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and how if just one thing had been different
      it would have been us up there</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: UGH.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU AND I BOTH KNOW NOTHING MATTERED IN
      THAT CAMPAIGN BUT JAKE’S FUCKING SPEECH.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i mean, like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i just keep imagining what wouldve happened
      if that absurd rube goldberg machine of life ruining humiliation
      had been stopped at any point</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: maybe just being backstabbed by his
      endorsement alone was something we couldve recovered from with some
      rigorous counter campaigning</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but what if i had been fast enough to cut him
      off before hed even said anything</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what if i hadnt accidentally fallen on him on
      the stage when i was rushing over there to stop him</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what if he hadnt freaked out like i set off
      fireworks next to a nam vet and started trying to fucking scrum
      me</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what if id just backed away from his punch
      with my legs like a normal person instead of warping the flow of
      time to escape causing him to become so startled he shit his
      pants</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what if i hadnt gotten so visibly grossed out
      by the smell that even the people watching it on tv could tell what
      had happened</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what if he hadnt started sobbing when the
      audience in the front rows started throwing up</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what if wed had better security and stopped
      that lady from running onstage during the fracas and announcing
      that jake has been dodging paying child support for their 3
      kids</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like what was the LINE</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IT WASN’T... *THAT* BAD.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you think</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Karkat falls into a vacant, thousand-yard
      stare.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah see thats why im an alcoholic now</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: want a drink</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">I have sympathy, I really do. It’s tough
      to devote so much time and effort to something, come so close to
      tasting victory, just to have it snatched out of your grasp at the
      final instant. I might even feel bad about it in any other
      circumstance.</p>
      <p class="dirk">But this was how things had to be. It’s better this
      way. They know that. At least, Karkat certainly does.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IF I’M BEING PERFECTLY FUCKING HONEST</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I’M GLAD I LOST. I NEVER WANTED TO
      FUCKING WIN IN THE FIRST PLACE.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dude come on</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: NO, I’M BEING SERIOUS.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I’M NOT EVEN DOING SOME SOUR GRAPES “I
      NEVER WANTED IT IN THE FIRST PLACE BECAUSE I’M A SORE LOSER TRYING
      TO DELUDE MYSELF INTO THINKING I DON’T CARE” SORT OF THING.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OBVIOUSLY I FUCKING CARE SINCE NOW THE
      PLANET IS GOING TO BE COMPLETELY RUINED BY THIS JUMPED-UP FASCIST
      DICTATOR WHO HAS EVERY INTENTION OF GRADUALLY GENOCIDING MY SPECIES
      INTO NONEXISTENCE BEFORE MY VERY EYES.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BUT I CANNOT FUCKING THINK OF A SINGLE
      THING IN THE UNIVERSE I WANTED TO DO LESS THAN BE THE STUPID
      FUCKING PRESIDENT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THANK HUMAN OBAMA.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wait was there a troll obama</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I’M THE FUCKING TROLL OBAMA,
      REMEMBER?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: karkat</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you wouldve been so much more than obama</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">God damn if that isn’t the most romantic
      fucking thing I’ve ever heard.</p>
      <p class="dirk">If Karkat had anything resembling a spine, he’d
      turn to Dave with those big, sparkling shoujo eyes and finally open
      his tsundere heart to consummating their painfully obvious and
      mutually reciprocated passion. But he doesn’t, so he gives a
      noncommittal little sniff and turns back to the inauguration
      instead.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Obviously, I’ve got an agenda here. It’s pretty
      clear to me what these guys want out of this relationship, despite
      the fact that both of them being bottoms evidently makes it
      impossible for them to pass whatever last ludicrous psychological
      obstacle stands between them and nonstop, animalistic fucking. I’ve
      let it go on like this for long enough. These stooges clearly need
      some help.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I could insist that they just fucking go for it
      already, using the methods available to me. I’d rather not. There
      are certain boundaries I’m not inclined to cross, primarily in
      service to the emotional integrity of my friends’ respective
      personal arcs. The little moments like these don’t mean anything if
      they’re coming from me, do they?</p>
      <p class="dirk">As such, insistence isn’t the tool I’d prefer.
      Persuasion is the one I reach for. And in a case like this, I can’t
      imagine it’s going to take that much.</p>
      <p class="dirk">They fall into another silence that’s more
      comfortable than it has any right to be. The crowd is really going
      nuts for Jane now, since she’s hit one of the best parts of my
      speech. She’s just blasting the fuck off about how good the
      economy’s going to get. I can feel Dave’s teeth grinding all the
      way down to the narrative fabric of reality.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Dave reaches out for the booze. It’s past time to
      get wasted, he thinks.</p>
      <p class="dirk">But Karkat is starting to realize how much all of
      Dave’s efforts mean to him. It’s really welling up inside him now.
      He’s so emotional about it that he can’t help but say
      something.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HEY.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Dave stops with his arm outstretched. His
      gaze turns to meet Karkat’s, but Karkat can’t bear to hold the eye
      contact for long. Looking at Dave is like staring straight at the
      sun. He is awfully handsome, isn’t he? Then again, crawling out of
      a primo gene pool does have its benefits.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah buddy whats up</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I JUST...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hey dont worry about it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you dont have to explain yourself to me</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i get it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: it makes sense. id always felt the same way
      kind of</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like about all my shit with sburb and
      whatever. the reluctant heros journey</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: that feeling where youre being dragged along
      to being a kind of guy everyone is saying you have to be but youve
      never felt like theres any way you can really BECOME</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: where every second you feel so sick with your
      own self doubt and fear that you cant bear to even imagine the
      future</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and you think</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: why me</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: even though you know it cant be anyone but
      you</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and thats why you do it</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YEAH.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: lol</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I WASN’T TRYING TO EXPLAIN MYSELF,
      THOUGH.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I JUST WANTED TO THANK YOU.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: huh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: for what</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Karkat’s eyes drift from the TV to the
      floor. The slightest of smiles tugs at the corners of his mouth. He
      feels something warm inside of his chest. It feels right. It’s
      something he needs to say.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: FOR... EVERYTHING.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: EVEN IF WE DIDN’T WIN, I’M GLAD WE
      TRIED.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I’M GLAD WE WENT THROUGH THIS
      TOGETHER.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: me too</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: MORE THAN ANYTHING, I... YOU...</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU BELIEVE IN ME IN A WAY NOBODY EVER
      HAS BEFORE.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: MORE THAN I’VE EVER BEEN ABLE TO BELIEVE
      IN MYSELF.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: AND I’VE NEVER REALLY...</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: FELT LIKE THIS BEFORE.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: felt like what</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I MEAN, LIKE</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU KNOW.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IT’S NOT LIKE I’VE NEVER HAD FRIENDS
      BEFORE. PEOPLE I CARE ABOUT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BUT WHEN PEOPLE TELL ME THEY CARE ABOUT
      ME, ON SOME LEVEL IT’S HARD FOR ME TO REALLY BUY IT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THEY CAN LIST WHATEVER JUSTIFICATIONS
      THEY HAVE FOR LIKING ME AND IT ALL FEELS LIKE BULLSHIT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IT’S LIKE, ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?
      YOU CAN’T REALLY EXPECT ME TO BELIEVE YOU SERIOUSLY THINK THIS
      ABOUT ME.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THERE’S NO WAY YOU ACTUALLY SEE ME THAT
      WAY.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU JUST FEEL BAD FOR ME. YOU’RE TALKING
      DOWN TO ME LIKE I’M SOME SORT OF PATHETIC WIGGLER WHO NEEDS TO BE
      CODDLED.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OR YOU’RE JUST IMAGINING I’M WHATEVER WAY
      YOU WISH I WOULD BE, SOME PERSON WHO’S BETTER AND SMARTER AND
      STRONGER AND KINDER AND MORE VALUABLE THAN THE PERSON I REALLY
      AM.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I CAN NEVER UNDERSTAND WHY ANYONE I CARE
      ABOUT WOULD EVER WASTE THEIR FUCKING TIME ON ME.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BUT WITH YOU...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Karkat draws a breath and curls up on
      himself. His instinct is to pull back, but he’s fighting it now. He
      needs to see this one through to the end.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BUT WITH YOU, IT MAKES SENSE. I
      GUESS.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHEN YOU SAY SOMETHING NICE TO ME, I’M
      LIKE... YEAH? OK?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT’S COMPREHENSIBLE? I SEE HOW YOU GOT
      FROM POINT A TO POINT B.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I CAN KNOW YOU THE WAY I DO AND THINK
      ABOUT WHO YOU ARE AND I CAN UNDERSTAND WHY YOU’D WANT SOMEONE LIKE
      ME BESIDE YOU.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I DON’T HAVE TO WONDER WHAT’S
      MISSING.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU’RE ON MY LEVEL. AND I’M ON YOURS.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I BELIEVE THAT YOU SEE ME IN FRONT OF YOU
      THE WAY I ACTUALLY AM, FOR BETTER OR WORSE, AND STILL LIKE ME
      ANYWAY.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: SO EVEN THOUGH IT’S STILL HARD FOR ME TO
      BELIEVE IN MYSELF A LOT OF THE TIME,</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I BELIEVE IN YOU, SO I DON’T NEED TO.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so what youre saying is you believe in me who
      believes in you</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Dave. Please.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YEAH, KIND OF?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: FUCK, MAN. THAT’S KIND OF DEEP.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i know</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: SO, YEAH.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT’S WHAT I’VE NEVER REALLY FELT
      BEFORE.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: AND I’M GLAD YOU’RE...</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT WE’RE...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Come on. You’re so close.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I’M GLAD YOU’RE MY FRIEND, DAVE.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Oh, for the love of god.</p>
      <p class="dirk">This is practically slapstick at this point. “My
      friend”????? That was the most excruciatingly overblown and
      socially maladapted love confession I’ve ever had the displeasure
      of witnessing, including my own, and he still managed to fumble it
      into obscurity at the last moment. The guy was barreling in for an
      unimpeded touchdown and took a hard left straight into the friend
      zone.</p>
      <p class="dirk">It’s not like Dave is stupid. He’s picking up on
      the subtext. It’s just Karkat’s cop-out that’s filling him with
      doubt. It was a little <em>too</em> obviously sentimental. So
      obvious that maybe the “friend” thing was a deliberate warning.
      Maybe relationships aren’t a thing Karkat can really “do.” Maybe if
      Dave crosses the line he’ll ruin everything. Better this
      excruciating liminal space, something more than friendship but not
      quite love, than nothing at all.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I look Dave right in his mind’s eye and tell him to
      cut it the fuck out. He wants it, you want it, so just go for it,
      my man. It’s now or never.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: same</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">I feel every brain cell in my immortal
      body begin to perish in real time. Dave, you cannot actually be
      that bad at this. How the hell are you walking around with my genes
      and still acting like this?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Look. Even you can manage to top this
      guy. You’ve got it easy, dude. He’s gonna open up for you like you
      just rolled up on a Denny’s at 3 a.m. with all the boys and a
      Groupon. You can do it right here on the couch if you want.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Dave scrunches up his face a little like he’s
      constipated. Okay, maybe I’m getting a bit worked up. I need to
      dial it back.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IS SOMETHING WRONG?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: huh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: sorry i just had an absolutely insane train
      of thought that kind of sent me for a loop</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: UHH... WHAT?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no its extremely better that i dont tell
      you</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i kind of forgot what we were talking about
      because it was so awful</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">You were talking about Karkat’s feelings?
      He just dropped some touching-ass bomb about believing in you
      believing in him or whatever. You should really get to the root of
      where this is all coming from.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh right</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: all that shit you said about us being friends
      and on the same level or whatever</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah i feel the same way basically</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: or like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: well</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: im not sure that i like...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hm.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Go on.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: im kind of getting the feeling that...
      maybe...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: theres a level to what were thinking that
      isnt entirely coming across in words</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and since we dont have the right words we
      arent getting to the right actions either</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like maybe we feel the same way about certain
      things</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but what were saying and what were
      feeling</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: maybe those arent exactly the same thing</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and maybe... we should...</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WE SHOULD WHAT?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: maybe its time to</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: talk</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: about... that</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Well, I guess this is progress?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT???</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah, like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: how... when you say were friends</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what... does that mean</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT WE’RE FRIENDS?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah but</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: is that it?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: just friends</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Karkat looks like a deer caught in the
      headlights.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OF COURSE NOT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU’RE MY...........</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: B......</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ......EST FRIEND.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i see</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">I’ve literally been decapitated and that
      was less unbearable than this. I don’t understand it. I just want
      you to be happy, man. Why can’t you make anything easy for
      yourself?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: well</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ok then</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Whatever. I kind of don’t have time for
      this shit. The gloves are coming off. The anime ninja training
      weights are history. It’s time to get down to business.</p>
      <p class="dirk">You look into Karkat’s eyes. You see that twinkle?
      That’s devotion, you unbelievably dense neutron star of a dumbshit.
      It’s sparkling like a visit from your fairy fuckin’ godmother. That
      shit is pure and true. A supernova of all your hopes and dreams
      swirling together like a radially effervescing kaleidoscope of more
      hot boy peckers than you could ever imagine.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: D... DAVE?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">But you aren’t imagining any peckers
      other than the one right in front of you. Karkat’s probably quite
      modest and feminine alien penis is the only one you’ve thought
      about in years. Suddenly, you can’t even comprehend how it is
      you’ve gone so long without kissing him. You want to so badly. It
      would be so easy, and you know he wouldn’t turn you away.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: karkat</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">You lift a trembling hand and slowly
      close the scant distance between you to brush your thumb against
      Karkat’s cheek. He freezes in place, terrified.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i think i</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Karkat’s lips part, his breath held. His
      eyes are wide with anticipation. He looks beautiful like this, you
      think. All you have to do is press your mouth to his, and he’ll
      finally know he’s yours.</p>
      <p class="dirk">You start to lean in. Karkat closes his eyes and
      relaxes into your hand. He’s ready. It’s happening. It’s FUCKING
      happening!!!</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wait</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: fuck</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">What? What are you doing? Oh my god. I’m
      throwing my hands up in the air in the middle of the other shit I’m
      doing because this sucks just that much.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT’S WRONG?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: DID I DO SOMETH—</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i just cant</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: shit</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: it just feels like</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">It feels like nothing, Dave. Don’t worry
      about it.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what the fuck is going on</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: this feels really off</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ????</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: idk</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i just keep having thoughts i know id never
      think</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Oh, come the fuck on.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I’m going to have an aneurysm. He’s hearing me but
      not listening to me. This dude has such a titanium grasp on his own
      born-again virginity that not even the literal hand of God can
      compel him to kiss his own goddamn boyfriend.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT IS THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i have no idea</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: im sorry</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Dave pulls away. Karkat looks like he’s
      about to throw up. <em>I’m</em> about to throw up, if I’m being
      perfectly honest.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I don’t know what to do at this point. He doesn’t
      know it’s me, but he’s fighting my influence with every ounce of
      strength he’s got. If I push any further, things could get messy,
      epistemologically speaking. I could try more of a backdoor approach
      and nudge them towards the sauce, but I don’t know if even that
      would help at this stage. And my timetable for direct physical
      intervention is fairly limited.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I take a deep breath and get myself under control.
      My light psychological intrusions may have only made things worse.
      Invested as I am in the outcome of this encounter, I know forcing
      their hand would be a mistake.</p>
      <p class="dirk">If Dave passes that threshold not of his own will,
      it’d be a hollow victory anyway. There’s nothing I can do but
      settle down, step it back, and trust my boy to bring it home.</p>
      <p class="dirk">The gears are turning in Dave’s head. He knows he
      stands at a precipice, and what he decides here could mean
      everything. Maybe that forced kiss seemed wrong, but he knows what
      he feels doesn’t. He can’t deny that. And he can’t just forget the
      fact that when he went for it, Karkat wasn’t pulling away.</p>
      <p class="dirk">At the end of the day, he knows what the truth is.
      Really, he always has.</p>
      <p class="dirk">So what are you going to do about it, Dave? This
      time, it’s really up to you.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Dave meets Karkat’s eyes in a rare moment of
      clarity. It’s then, I think, that they both finally realize what’s
      been obvious to everyone else all along. With a measured motion,
      Dave pulls his shades off of his face.</p>
      <p class="dirk">If Karkat was stunned before, he’s even more
      stunned now. The privilege of a Strider Eye Moment is about the
      most earth-shattering experience a young man will ever have in his
      life. For once, neither of them have anything stupid to say. All
      they have is an electric connection that is no longer possible to
      ignore.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Dave brings his hand back up to Karkat’s cheek in a
      gesture much more confident than the last. He’s not rushing
      anything this time. He’s only doing what feels right, taking it
      each second at a time.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Karkat’s tension begins to dissipate from his body
      in stages. His stiff shoulders drop. His guarded expression
      relaxes. And when he covers Dave’s hand with his own, he’s not
      shaking at all.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Karkat helps Dave slip his hand from the side of
      his face around to cup the nape of his neck. It’s a tender,
      steadying touch. Dave applies only the slightest of pressure to
      draw him forward, and Karkat follows his lead.</p>
      <p class="dirk">They’re so close that Dave can feel Karkat’s
      shallow breath ghosting over his skin. Karkat’s eyes are shimmering
      and wet as they flutter closed, moisture beading in his thick
      eyelashes. His tongue darts out to wet his lips. All that’s left is
      just one more step. Just one final inch, and it’s over.</p>
      <p class="dirk">They both move to close the distance at the same
      time.</p>
      <p class="dirk">There’s a second where both of them freeze like
      that, still in the intimate contact. Nothing but the warmth of each
      other’s bodies and the dawning realization of a significant
      boundary crossed. Dave draws in a sharp breath, lets his lips part
      and... just... a little more. That’s it. Yes! Wait. Dave, don’t
      linger. Some lines of stress appear on his face. He’s struggling
      with something. No. Dave, don’t fucking do this. He’s grinding his
      teeth, and putting both hands up to his temples. Beads of sweat dot
      his brow. This is so fucking unreal. Holy shit, Dave, if you so
      much as—</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY HEAD AND JUST LET ME
      DO THIS MYSELF!!!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dude</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: come here...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">He... oh my god. He.</p>
      <p class="dirk">He fucking just... wow. Dave lunges forward and
      kisses Karkat directly on the mouth. It’s like a dam has burst.
      Neither of them could hold anything back now even if they wanted
      to. It’s like...</p>
      <p class="dirk">God damn. I’m sorry. I’m blowing the description
      here, and missing a lot of good shit. It just caught me so off
      guard. Dave, my dude. I’m so proud of you. Okay, I can do this. I
      fucking NEED to do this justice. *Cracks the mother
      <em>fucking</em> knuckles of a yaoi poet and gets down to
      business.*</p>
      <p class="dirk">...</p>
      <p class="dirk">...</p>
      <p class="dirk">Eh...</p>
      <p class="dirk">You know what? Nah.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I’m not going to intercede with a single word
      further, and I won’t let you, either. I won’t cheapen this
      beautiful moment with my base editorialization just to satisfy your
      voyeuristic curiousity. Frankly, I’m offended you’d even expect me
      to. What they’re getting up to here is nobody’s business but
      theirs.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Davekat is canon, and that’s really all there is to
      say on the matter. Let’s give these crazy lovebirds some privacy
      and move on.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>