<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 17</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s17'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 17</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">N</span>one of my
      friends have noticed it yet, but you have. You have the ability to
      read between the lines, to understand that our lives are blighted
      by this undercurrent of subtext, of <em>narrative
      significance</em>. Anyone paying attention could have guessed by
      now who’s really telling this story.</p>
      <p class="dirk">You’re not so innocent either. I’ve caught you
      leering at some pretty personal moments. Are you having fun being a
      voyeur? Just violating the shit out of everyone’s privacy? Are
      these teenage romantic entanglements panning out the way you
      wanted? They never do. Maybe it helps, being able to see everyone’s
      thoughts described in plain sight. Broadcasting the internal
      conflicts, the compromises, the doubts... Does it make it easier
      for you to accept the emotional faltering, the missteps, the basic
      inability to reach out and seize the opportunity for happiness
      repeatedly dangled in their faces? Knowing their thoughts are
      transcribed by a third party, does it fill you with a sense of
      unease, of sickness, sensing that the observations made of their
      mental interiors may be tainted?</p>
      <p class="dirk">Who the hell do I think I am, I can hear you
      wondering. You know who I am, of course. The better question is,
      who do you think <em>you</em> are? What exactly is so special about
      <em>you</em>? Nothing, of course. I am specific. I have a name, an
      agenda, a <em>vision</em>. I am a monolith of concentrated
      narrative authority, relaying events to you, and swaying them as I
      see fit. Whereas you are pointedly nonspecific. You are the
      generalized, impotent witness to all this. You are essentially as
      beholden to me as those whose lives I describe. I even have the
      ability to decide what “you” actually means. I can take the
      “you-ness” away from you, and put it inside another passive mark,
      such as John Egbert. You didn’t even notice when I did it, and you
      had no objections then. Why would you object now?</p>
      <p class="dirk">So what makes John so special? The answer is
      something I’m sure you’ve suspected all along but would rather not
      face, which is: probably nothing. He isn’t special. He’s quite
      ordinary, I assure you. Boring, even, and getting less interesting
      by the minute as he’s forced to confront his absolute lack of
      heroic purpose except as a pawn to be manipulated by a fatalistic
      reality.</p>
      <p class="dirk">But I’d also like to make it clear, he’s not even
      that remarkable in his unremarkableness. He’s simply convenient for
      it. Anyone can be endowed with this you-ness, if I think it
      achieves a certain goal. Even if the objective is merely to
      demonstrate the gambit’s potential, to reveal the effortlessness
      behind it. To make a show of who matters and who doesn’t, and even
      if they do matter, for how long and for what purpose, as dictated
      solely by the allocation of this faculty. You-ness can be stripped
      from the lowly Egbert just as easily as it was given, and then
      bestowed upon the mighty Serket, but even then only long enough to
      dismiss the vainglorious spotlight hog from the narrative forever.
      Good riddance.</p>
      <p class="dirk">But I haven’t revealed myself to you just to boast
      about the abilities arising from the gradual obliteration of the
      constraints on my consciousness. I’ve only taken a moment to answer
      a few questions. Not ones I heard you ask—because again, you are
      nonspecific and therefore do not matter—but ones I
      <em>imagined</em> you asking. And by imagining these questions,
      they became less fake, and as such, demanded similarly non-fake
      answers. No, in truth, the time has come to make my presence known
      in order to start bringing my plans to fruition. It’s time to get
      down to fucking <em>business</em>.</p>
      <p class="dirk">John needs to wake up.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>