<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 20</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s20'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 20</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">J</span>ade gasps
      awake, and begins to spiral.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Her body vibrates, sending waves of space
      distortion out in all directions. But there’s nothing to absorb
      those distortions—no space, no nothing. She’s floating in a void of
      pure, overwhelming light. She feels it even before she feels the
      pain from the wound in her chest. The vast emptiness surrounding
      her. The absolute abyss once known as the Furthest Ring.</p>
      <p class="dirk">For a moment, she has the feeling that she’s
      recalling something. Images and sounds in her head that resemble
      memories. But the memories aren’t hers, exactly. They seem to be
      someone else’s. There’s an older version of Roxy... someone with a
      cheerful green skull for a head, who was... Roxy’s girlfriend?
      Something about an election. No, this doesn’t make any sense at
      all. The memories are slipping away, anyway. Quickly, they
      dissolve, and soon they’re completely out of her mind’s reach, like
      she’s waking from a dream. Just like that, they’re gone.</p>
      <p class="dirk">All that’s left are the memories belonging to her,
      along with the dire predicament for which she must claim
      responsibility. Her friends. Lord English. This great nothingness.
      This savage wound in her chest. That...</p>
      <p class="dirk"><em>That black hole</em>.</p>
      <p class="dirk">She looks away from it. Quickly, reflexively, the
      way you turn away from a light source that’s too bright. The hole
      causes the same kind of discomfort to behold. It’s so dark it
      hurts. Yet it calls her.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Her hair spills around her like tentacles
      unfurling. She coils into a fetal position and runs her fingers
      along the edge of the shard in her chest. It sends pins and needles
      under her skin. It’s pure... negative potential. The absence of a
      future. The thing skewering her through right now is the space
      between breaths, between atoms. She tries to remove it but has
      trouble getting a grip on it. It fails to behave like a solid piece
      of matter, remains lodged within her stubbornly. It hurts, but she
      won’t finish dying. Not just yet.</p>
      <p class="dirk">She unfolds, blinking against the vast, empty light
      around her. Her memories crease as she moves, filling her mind with
      the knowledge of the last few hours. She’s sixteen, she thinks,
      trying to orient herself. And she just fought Lord English after
      being plucked out of a doomed timeline. At least, if you can even
      call what she did fighting. But what was that dream? It was
      significant, she’s knows that much. Dave and Karkat? Why did they
      jump into her mind as a unit? Earth C. What’s Earth C? Concepts
      collide, commingle. Two different understandings of her world knit
      into each other as easily as she takes her next breath. Urgency
      bleeds off her neural receptors, melts right out of her fingertips.
      She lets herself float, unmoored, carried along an ebb tide in
      space that only she can perceive.</p>
      <p class="dirk">She wonders if anyone else survived. She wants to
      see John.</p>
      <p class="dirk">She didn’t notice the moment she turned her gaze
      back toward the black hole. But now she couldn’t look away if she
      tried. In slow, hazy spirals, it beckons her. The longer she stares
      at it, the deeper she peers into the folds of infinite atrophy, and
      the louder it gets. Loud? She only now notices there is sound
      emanating from it, but not the kind physical ears can detect. The
      hole has a voice—one that becomes material the more the expanding
      black sphere dominates her senses.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Jade’s wound throbs. She hears the voice fill up
      the dark space between her ribs. It’s calling to her from the
      center of the death of everything. She kicks off her ruby red
      slippers, and drifts ever closer.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">come.</p>
      <p class="dirk">What the fuck?</p>
      <p class="dirk">Forget I said that. Jade leans into her
      accelerating descent. She listens for another command. But the hole
      has seemingly said all it will. She considers asking who is
      speaking, but her mouth stays shut, powerless against the forces
      transfixing her. Jade has no way of knowing who this voice belongs
      to. She has no context for understanding the true nature of this
      being, what role she has played in bringing about the end, and how
      <em>long</em> she has been waiting for this. She has no idea. But I
      do.</p>
      <p class="dirk">The dead cherub is making her move.</p>
      <p class="dirk">We should get the fuck out of here. Let’s see what
      Dave’s up to, okay?</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>