<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 43</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s43'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 43</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">L</span>ater that
      night, jade has been moved from the hospital to the troll kingdom.
      she now sits in a wheelchair, remaining in perfect silence with her
      dark eyes open to maintain my transmission. roxy and kanaya rolled
      her into the living room of dave and karkat’s hive earlier that
      evening. this is where they all sit now, discussing the day’s
      troubling events.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">roxy is using his phone to pursue leads on
      the whereabouts of the prince.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: mm hm</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: mhmm</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yep</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: oh yeah</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: for sure</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: you too jake</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: thanks man</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yeah well let u know what were gonna do</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: later</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">he hangs up, and sighs
      dramatically.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: poor guy</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: whatd he say</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: a lot of it was hard to make out due to all
      the sobbing</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but yeah its like we thought</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: dirk borrowed one of his ships and gtfo</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: But Did He Say WHERE</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: nope</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: doubt he told anybody tbh</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: in fact id say odds are even he doesnt quite
      know where hes goin yet</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: why do you think that</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: idk i just know the guy</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: also like</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: whats even out there??</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: dudes got a ship and now hes haulin ass
      randomly about w rose to i dunno</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: prove some sort of point?</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: What About Jane</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WE AREN’T CALLING JANE!</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Why Not</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BECAUSE I WOULDN’T BELIEVE A SINGLE WORD
      THAT COMES OUT OF HER FAT, FASCIST MOUTH!</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Thats Stupid Im Calling Her</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Dislike The Woman As Well But I Will
      Leave No Possibility Unexhausted In Striving To Rescue My Wife From
      That Madman</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">she takes roxy’s phone and
      presses jane’s name in the contact list. she moves to the far side
      of the room to speak, while the others continue conversing.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so uhhh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: phewww...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">dave makes a noise humans
      sometimes do, by expelling air through his closed, fleshy lips,
      creating an impolite flapping effect.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: rose and dirk huh</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: YUP</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: rose and fuckin dirk...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: damn</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so are they</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: man im never gonna hear the end of it if im
      the one to ask this question am i</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ive had too many fuckin goofy dumbass foot in
      mouth family blunders to be the guy asking this fuckin question</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and yet here i am</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: asking it</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ????</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: what r u talkin about</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you know...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: are they like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: TOGETHER?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: what????</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you know</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT THIS DUMBASS IS ASKING IS IF THEY’RE
      DOING HUMAN INTERCOURSE ACTIVITIES.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: oh my god??</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: karkat</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: please</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: omg...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: karkat theyre related</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: humans dont do that when theyre related to
      each other ok</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: DON’T TALK DOWN TO ME. I’M NOT A FUCKING
      WRIGGLER.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I’M FAMILIAR WITH YOUR CONCEPT OF “HUMAN
      INCEST.”</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: !!!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah ok not to be that guy even though im
      totally being that guy</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: if it never happened we wouldnt have a word
      for it</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i rly dont think...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i mean</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: they WOULDNT</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: theres no way. it makes no sense</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: for one... dirk is gay</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and isnt rose gay too???</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah idk if anybody knows what roses deal is
      exactly</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: of all of us who couldve ended up eloping to
      have illicit incestuous relations they definitely wouldve been the
      last two idve put my money on</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and yet</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: it sure is real fuckin weird what they seem
      to have gone off and done isnt it</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: uggghhhh</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: dont even say that</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: just thinkin about it makes my skin crawl</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU GUYS ARE SO FUCKING WEIRD ABOUT
      THIS.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: LIKE, SERIOUSLY? THAT’S THE ISSUE
      HERE?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THE SHITHEAD WENT AND STOLE KANAYA’S
      MATESPRIT, APPARENTLY BY MYSTICALLY UNDERHANDED MEANS.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THERE’S PRACTICALLY NO LIMIT TO THE
      DIMENSIONS WE COULD BE GETTING ANGRY ABOUT THIS ON.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BUT HERE WE ARE INSTEAD, DOING THIS
      POINTLESS THING YOU PEOPLE ALWAYS DO WHEN IT COMES TO “INCEST.”</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: us people??</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I KNOW, I KNOW! I’M A FUCKING XENOPHOBE!
      LET’S JUST ALL AGREE I’M A BIG SHITTY XENOPHOBE ABOUT THIS, AND
      MOVE ON.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: jfc</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: HAY KANAYA HOWS THAT PHONE CALL GOIN</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Janes Chief Of Staff Has Put Me On
      Hold</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: It Seems My Solicitation Does Not
      Register As A Priority In This Administration</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Cannot Say I Am Surprised</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: TELL HER TO REGISTER MY HEAVING BULGE AS
      A PRIORITY!!!!!</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Will Not Tell Her That</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ANYWAY, YOU GUYS ARE ALL SO FUCKED UP
      ABOUT THIS, THAT’S ALL I’M SAYING.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THIS IS OBJECTIVELY NOT THE WORST THING
      ABOUT THIS SCENARIO. IT’S NOT EVEN A REMOTELY NOTABLE FACTOR!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHY ARE WE EVEN TALKING ABOUT THIS? IT’S
      SO FUCKING PERFORMATIVE.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IS THERE SOMETHING YOU’RE TRYING TO PROVE
      BY CONSTANTLY COMPETING TO BE THE MOST SCANDALIZED BY YOUR OWN
      COMPLETELY ARBITRARY SOCIAL CONSTRUCTS???</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yo dogs i know we get up to some jank
      barrelbottom as fuck convos sometimes but this one..... I D even K
      anymore</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i know yr an alien and all but in these dire
      straits can we maybe not “riff” on the subject of fuckin incest</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: fwiw the shit really does bug the hell outta
      me</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: if i can confirm on behalf of my species that
      yeah the idea kinda sucks according to pretty much literally
      everybody could we agree to stop talkin about it</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: SEE, THIS IS WHAT I’M FUCKING TALKING
      ABOUT!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YOU GREW UP ONE OF TWO HUMANS ON YOUR
      ENTIRE PLANET. WHERE THE FUCK DO YOU GET ANY FRAME OF REFERENCE FOR
      THIS SHIT!?!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ADMIT IT. YOU ONLY PRETEND TO BE BOTHERED
      BY THIS BECAUSE YOUR HUMAN SOCIETY TELLS YOU THAT YOUR PERFORMANCE
      OF DISGUST IS VIRTUOUS.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ummmmmmmmmmmmm</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lmao</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: dude</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: no</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ALSO, EXCUSE ME, BUT CAN I JUST FUCKING
      ASK...</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: SINCE WHEN DID YOU START COSPLAYING AS
      DAVE??</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dude</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lol</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: do you even fucking know anything</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: youre a ham brained bonerstooge who doesnt
      know anything arent you</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: im very sorry roxy that my ham brained
      bonerstooge of a boyfriend doesnt know fuck all about jack dick</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its ok hes like</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: fuckin right</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i get mistaken for u like... well its been
      happening</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i shoulda known lmao</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i really thought all the pink im wearin would
      help with that</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: idk ill keep messin with it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no you look great</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like super duper duper great</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: just perfect like i could not possibly be
      more proud of your fashion choices</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: CHRIST.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: DAVE, IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU’RE ABOUT TO KISS
      YOUR MOTHER JUST TO “PROVE ME WRONG”!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: !!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: first of all</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: roxys not my “mother” anymore hes</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: wait</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: roxy did we actually decide on the protocol
      on what im supposed to call you</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i literally have no comprehension of the
      etiquette here</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: because youre technically my bio mom but its
      not as if i literally came out of your vagina or anything</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: well considering whats going down right now
      im not too attached to the sanctity of dirk being my dad</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you can formally replace him as my daddy
      right now if you want</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ummmmmmmmmm</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WOW! THE WOKEMASTER IS ON FUCKING FIRE
      FOLKS! HE’LL BE HERE ALL NIGHT!!!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh stfu</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what is your problem why are you acting like
      this</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ACTING LIKE WHAT????</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like a huge belligerent dickhead</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: are you craving attention is that it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: did i get you hooked</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i see how it is</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you got one hot hit of sincerity from your
      fresh boy dave and now youre itching in your pants every second you
      go without it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you know if you want to hold my hand or some
      shit you can just do it now</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I HAVE NO DESIRE TO DO THAT. AT ALL.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: come on our relationship doesnt have to be a
      ludicrous unending performance of emotional constipation
      anymore</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: we got character developed bitch</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: cmere</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ??? WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING? GET AWAY
      FROM ME!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: christ youre like a flighty little muskrat
      stop squirming</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: GET YOUR HANDS OFF ME YOU SMELLY BAG OF
      SHIT! I HATE YOU!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: no way no you dont</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you looooooooove me</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: were gonna be together foorreeevveeerrr</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OH MY GOD, SHUT THE FUCK UP!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and im gonna profess my undying love to you
      in the form of a kiiiiiiiiiiiissss</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: NOOO!!!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">for all the vigor of his oral
      protests, karkat does not offer sufficient physical objection to
      prevent dave from successfully planting a kiss on his cheek. the
      gesture causes karkat to deflate instantly. he goes limp in dave’s
      arms, eyes wide.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">dave is no longer so sure of his ability
      to freely engage in public displays of affection. suddenly very
      self-conscious, he pulls back, leaving a significant foot of
      distance between himself and karkat once they’ve collected
      themselves. dave awkwardly clears his throat. karkat wipes off his
      cheek. both are looking off in opposite directions.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: awwwwwww</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: u boys cute :)</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hey can you just forget you saw that
      thanks</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hehe</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: thank u</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: for what</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: for doin somethin that turned that steaming
      dogshit fire of an incest conversation into somethin that just made
      me feel v v happy</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: if only for a fleetin moment in these dark AF
      times</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: DON’T MENTION IT</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">kanaya returns to the seating
      area and hands roxy his phone.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: If Jane Is To Be Trusted Apparently She
      Didnt Even Know Dirk Was Gone</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: She Doesnt Know Where He Might Be Headed
      Either</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Or She Wont Tell Us</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: well shit</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: I’M SO FUCKING SURPRISED.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: ALRIGHT, THEN WHAT DO WE DO?</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Dont Know</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hey does anyone know where the hell john
      is</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh yeah</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: good question</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WASN’T HE ON SOME “MISSION”?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHATEVER HAPPENED WITH THAT</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: that was a rose thing</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: she was cagey as fuck about it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and now shes gone so we cant even ask her</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so uh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: damn</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: HE’S NOT ANSWERING HIS PHONE.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yea ive tried too</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh yeah i forgot</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: john would solve our whole problem wouldnt
      he</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: just zap us all right into dirks ship with
      his retcon powers</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats how that works right</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: maybe???</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i think he should be here regardless and
      catch up with the situation</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: gettin kinda worried about him</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YEAH.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i ran into terezi the other day and she hadnt
      seen him either</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh shit terezis back?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT??</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: o yeah</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i didnt mention cause</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: guess i just thought u knew?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: i assumed she woulda got in touch</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: nope</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: NOBODY EVER FUCKING TELLS US
      ANYTHING!</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IT SEEMS LIKE KIND OF A GIGANTIC FUCKING
      DEAL THAT TEREZI CAME BACK TO EARTH???</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: kanaya did you know about this</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Yes</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Also Assumed You Knew</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: im givin her a call to see if she knows
      anything about all this</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: aaaaand shes not pickin up either :\</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what the fuck is even going on anymore</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">there is a moment of silence.
      though no one in the room is conscious of the fact, it serves to
      honor their departed friend. the heir will not be able to help
      guide them to the prince. if they ever wish to see john again, be
      it his cadaver or otherwise, they will need another means of
      following the ship. a different guide altogether.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">by stated principle, i cannot intervene
      through the same compromising methods of my nemesis. but if i were
      to fall back to a state so passive as to offer no assistance at
      all, it would be at odds with my sworn duty as a protector of
      corporeal life. they will have their guidance, but my instructions
      will be minimal. so long as they remain in my conduit’s presence,
      they will know the way forward.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: UM</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT THE FUCK IS JADE DOING?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: huh</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: THAT’S CREEPY RIGHT?</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: TELL ME I’M NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO THINKS
      THAT’S CREEPY.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yeh its a bit spooky</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: thats how it is when she gets like this</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: What Is She Pointing At</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">jade has raised her right hand
      and is pointing upward at an angle of about forty-five degrees.
      seemingly in a random direction. but it’s far from random.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh oh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i think i know whats up</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: shes tryin to say theres something important
      over that way</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: is that right jade</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: can you hear me??</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">dave walks over and kneels in
      front of her chair. he looks closely at her. her face, though still
      expressionless, strikes him as serious and tense.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jade is it john?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: johns that way right</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you want us to go in that direction to find
      john</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: is that it jade?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: come on</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what is it girl tell me</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: omg dave</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: youre treating her like a dog!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ok yeah youre right</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i guess i fuckin suck</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but she IS a dog ok?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: a doggy girl whos trying to tell us
      something</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: just lemme do my thing here</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: .....</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jade give me a little yelp if johns that way
      and we should go after him</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: just a little woof</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: if johns in danger yiff twice plz</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: DAVE!</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: shhhhhh!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">he leans in closer and studies
      her face carefully. it hasn’t changed.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: maybe its not john that way maybe its...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jade is it...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: is that where DIRK went?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">it’s barely noticeable, but dave
      picks up on it. her face relaxes slightly.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: THATS IT</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats the way dirk went and she wants us to
      follow</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ok wow</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but what about john</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: is john safe?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">she doesn’t move.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: is john...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: does he have anything to do with whats going
      on?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what about terezi?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: is like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: is john WITH them?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jade is john on the ship with dirk and
      rose??</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">slowly, she lowers her arm, and
      places her hand back on her lap.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WHAT THE FUCK DID THAT MEAN.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: it means...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i think it means im right</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dont ask me how i know</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but i think i got the answers out of her we
      need</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: dirk and rose are on a ship heading that
      way</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and for some fucking reason johns along for
      the ride</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: we need to saddle the fuck up</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and wherever we go i think were going to need
      to bring jade along</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: RIGHT!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">karkat springs to his feet and
      easily resumes his well-practiced posture of leadership.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: KANAYA, GET JAKE ENGLISH ON THE
      PHONE.</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Okay</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Why</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BECAUSE WE NEED TO BORROW ONE OF HIS
      SHIPS.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: WE’RE GOING TO GET YOUR *FUCKING WIFE*
      BACK.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">he nods. kanaya nods back. roxy
      nods too. dave does not realize they are all supposed to be nodding
      in determination and solidarity until karkat nudges him. then he
      nods too. they resolve to travel to jake’s mansion immediately, and
      to embark on their new adventure shortly thereafter.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">they will believe they are on a quest to
      retrieve a wife and rescue a friend. but they will discover their
      true mission is of much greater cosmic significance than they
      imagined. the seer is firmly in the thrall of the prince and will
      not easily be pried away. and as regards the heir, though
      resuscitation remains a theoretical possibility for those still
      striving for it, the truth of his role is it has reached a greater
      sense of narrative finality than any of his allies will bring
      themselves to admit. his influence over canon has come to an end,
      as has this particular story. his ultimate sacrifice was made to
      put the missing keystone in place and avert the supreme dissipation
      of all that shall be considered to hold truth, relevance, and
      essentiality.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">as for me, i will be there wherever they
      go, so long as my conduit remains alive, alert, and present. but
      only as a guide with the lightest possible touch, and only to block
      the insidious mandates of the prince from within his sphere of
      influence. the rest of my presence can simply be reduced to a
      string of words. a recorded stream of ideation with a particular
      texture and cadence, but aside from that, there is nothing that
      should be considered remarkable about its source. one speaker can
      easily be swapped for another, and then another, under the right
      circumstances. speakers can duel, predominate, overassert, or fall
      back, as one does into the comforting blanket of space.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">and until i am needed again, this is
      exactly what i will do. i leave all who inhabit this reality with a
      recorded stream that is colorless, sourceless, and quietly divested
      of accountability. for if i were to insist upon anything else,
      could i really be considered worthy of protecting the very cosmos i
      describe?</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">farewell.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>