<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 34</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s34'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 34</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">S</span>peaking of
      giving it everything you got, here comes Jake McGee, about to pop
      his pistols off in front of a whole crowd of Karkat’s progressively
      prismatic proletarian partisans.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Okay, let’s strike that bit of alliteration from
      the record. I don’t know what came over me. I probably just made
      the mistake of getting too close to the gaping black hole that
      radiates pure asininity from the space between Jake’s ears. His
      event horizon of buffoonery has the dual effect of making
      everything around him slightly lamer while sucking unsuspecting
      victims into wanton sexual indiscretions, which, if you’re very
      lucky, you’ll be too drunk to even remember. But, well, look at
      him: how can you <em>not</em> fuck this guy? I mean, I’m never
      going to fuck him again, but I bet there’s a good chance that
      <em>you</em> want to. Don’t even try to say you don’t, cause no
      one’s buying it. After all, that’s what this entire election is
      about to boil down to—decisions made based on the primal
      fuckability of the dumbest asshole on Earth.</p>
      <p class="dirk">The crowd is all in a tizzy waiting for Jake to
      sashay his famous ass back up to the podium. It was quite
      melodramatic, that little assassination fakeout I staged. It might
      have even inadvertently jumped the Vantas campaign in the polls. Of
      course, I’d never do something so stupid as turn Karkat Vantas into
      a martyr. God, could you imagine? The last time some incompetent
      asshole with his blood color bumbled his way into a tragically
      symbolic death, the entire troll race spent half a millennium
      stroking themselves off to it until they were convinced hearing the
      word “fuck” could trigger spontaneous enlightenment. No thanks.
      Jake’s going to put an end to Karkat’s political career with the
      level of gravitas it deserves—all the pomp and circumstance of a
      wet fart.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Here comes the man of the hour. He stops at the
      base of the stage. Adjusts his bow tie. Rolls the hemline on his
      shorts up another notch to show off the top quarters of his finely
      tuned and greased vastus lateralis muscles. He slides the
      endorsement speech Dave has so considerately prepared for him out
      of his front pocket. I let him read it over one more time even
      though there’s nothing in the universe that could possibly matter
      less.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yo</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: sure you still want to do this</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: YEAH. IT’S NOT TOO LATE TO CALL IT
      OFF.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: BY WHICH I MEAN THIS ENTIRE FUCKING
      COMEDY OF ERRORS THAT DAVE PREPOSTEROUSLY INSISTS ON CALLING A
      “CAMPAIGN.”</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OR HOW ABOUT THE ELECTION ITSELF? WE CAN
      PUT THE KIBOSH ON THAT TOO IF YOU WANT.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: IF YOU’RE FEELING UNCOMFORTABLE JAKE,
      JUST SAY THE WORD. WE’LL STICK A PRONGSHOVEL IN THE WHOLE DEAL AND
      GO HOME.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Dave elbows him.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: OR. YOU KNOW. JUST YOUR SPEECH.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Dont be daffy chaps. If i were the sort of
      man to balk at a bit of hot potato in the evening i wouldnt be
      where i am today!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Dave and Karkat exchange a <em>look</em>.
      They don’t stop him, though, because a plan is a plan. Jake spins
      on his heel and goes swaggering up toward the podium, grinning
      cheek to cheek at the familiar sound of a crowd chanting his name.
      He sets his speech down and smooths out the paper only to find his
      hands swamped with sweat.</p>
      <p class="dirk">What’s that, Jake? You didn’t notice your hands
      were sweating until now? Not surprising considering how overtaxed
      your precious few neurons are at any given time.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I... I... er hallo folks dandy weather were
      having here isnt it.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Jake’s hands are so sweaty they’ve
      smeared the words in the speech beyond recognition. He begins to
      panic.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Er... thank you... everyone for coming out on
      this benjo of a day to um...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Do whatever it is that weve all congregated
      to do!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">At the bottom of the stage, Karkat and
      Dave put their heads together in adorably platonic conspiratorial
      kinship. Karkat whispers directly into the shell of Dave’s ear. I
      don’t even have to direct him to do that, it’s just his natural
      inclination to practically stick his tongue straight to the center
      of Dave’s skull, while practicing a bit of perfectly harmless,
      nonsexual, intimate close-talking. Jesus, if I have to watch one
      more minute of this beta-bitch calamity I’m going to fucking
      dissipate on an atomic level.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: (WHAT IS HE DOING? I SAW HIM REREAD THE
      SPEECH.)</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: (yeah)</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: (idk he does this public speaking shit every
      day maybe this is just how he warms a crowd up)</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: (lets give him a... hm)</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: (DAVE?)</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: (ARE YOU OK.)</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: (oh im fine)</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: (for a moment something felt... off?)</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: (AGAIN???)</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: (WHAT, IS THE ASSASSIN GOING TO TAKE HIM
      OUT AFTER ALL???)</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: (no its not that)</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Its wonderful to see such a jammy cornucopia
      of supporters!</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: By golly the lot of you sure are enthusiastic
      about that karkat chap.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Which means that we potentially have a few
      things in common since ive come here to...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: To... to...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Ive come to...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Jake tugs at collar. It feels tight,
      suddenly. He’s dripping buckets down under his suspenders. Dark
      patches are starting to form on his dress shirt.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Rather that is to say,</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: In delicate times such as these,</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Even though usually its a toffer of a bad
      idea to talk politics in public,</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Today we have all most certainly gathered
      here,</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: T-to have what is definitely a political
      conversation.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Y-yes that d-does seem to... be the lay of
      the land.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Th-that ive come here to... tell you all
      about my political opinions...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Which I will get to um shortly and with er
      minimal... verbal bricabrac...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: B-because I—</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">He’s trembling so hard he begins to worry
      that the crowd can hear it, like the sound of somebody shaking a
      soda can filled with coins. He goes pale as the depravity of what
      he’s about to do hits him like an eighteen-wheeler.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Ive... made a terrible mistake.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Hey, Jake. Don’t undersell yourself here.
      You’ve made <em>several</em> terrible mistakes, especially as of
      late. One might even say that you’ve made a <em>shit ton</em> of
      them, and that’s just this fucking week. Or, if you’d prefer, a
      rusted jalopy stuffed to the whirlygigs with gum feculence, or
      whatever inept combination of archaic word garbage will help
      underline the sheer level of personal failure you’ve managed to
      achieve.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Why don’t you have a good, long think about that,
      Jake.</p>
      <p class="dirk"><em>Is this really the time for a good, long
      think?</em> Jake muses to himself, actually putting a finger to his
      chin like some public domain clip art picture of a befuddled guy.
      If the crowd is confused by his rapid-cycle mood changes, they
      don’t show it. Jake’s got a bit of a day-drinking problem, which
      has been slavishly documented in the global tabloids. That’s how
      you avoid responsibility, isn’t it, Jake? You can fool your fans,
      but not yourself. The truth is that there’s a canniness to the act.
      It’s partially <em>cultivated</em>. You’re stupid, but you’re not
      nearly as stupid as you pretend to be.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: What in the devil was i thinking coming
      here?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Why did I...?</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I came here to...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">... slide the biggest knife any
      motherfucker ever wielded directly into your friend Jane Crocker’s
      back?</p>
      <p class="dirk">She loves you, Jake, more than anything, and you
      toyed with her heart. And you would have guiltlessly toyed with her
      “kettle drums” too had it not been for a bit of <em>divine
      intervention</em>, let’s decide to call it.</p>
      <p class="dirk">But wait, you’re thinking. Wasn’t Jane merely
      executing a cold-blooded maneuver to rein you into the stable of
      her campaign using her body? How are you the bad guy here?</p>
      <p class="dirk">That’s true, she was trying to do that. But come
      on—she is <em>ever so much</em> less experienced than you in these
      matters, Jake, and without certain invisible guardrails in place to
      prevent it, she would have thrown herself at you again and again
      with wide-eyed, girlish wonder.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Or at least, that’s what you like to believe. That
      people can’t resist you. That you have no responsibility for their
      feelings. That everyone uses <em>you</em>. That <em>you’re</em> the
      victim. Yes, it’s <em>so unfair</em> that anyone in this universe
      or the last has ever had a single expectation of Jake English. Why
      should anyone respect your personal autonomy when you’re
      practically begging to be taken advantage of?</p>
      <p class="dirk">So tell me, Jake: which one of us is
      <em>really</em> the bad guy here?</p>
      <p class="dirk">Jake begins to tear up. He wipes his eyes with what
      he thinks is a subtle and manful feint, but everyone in the crowd
      sees what’s up. He’s trembling, feeling small and naked and raw,
      like new flesh after a scab’s been pulled away.</p>
      <p class="dirk">He’s scared. He’s <em>been</em> scared. He’s been
      running from this feeling his entire life, all because he was so
      pants-shittingly terrified of being in love with Dirk Strider. And
      why wouldn’t he be afraid? He knows what will happen when he
      finally admits it. Knows deep down that to truly love Dirk would be
      to submit to him. That’s a scary thought. It takes a certain degree
      of mental fortitude to admit that you love someone so intensely it
      could subsume your entire personality.</p>
      <p class="dirk">But Jake can see now that it’s simply how things
      were meant to be. There are leaders in this world, and there are
      followers, which is a fact that has absolutely nothing to do with
      the position one prefers in the bedroom. Jake can’t believe he’s
      wasted years denying something so elemental to his nature that it
      might as well be on the periodic fucking table.</p>
      <p class="dirk">He braces his shaking hands on the podium and tries
      to catch his breath. His mouth is filling with saliva, much like it
      does when he’s about to throw up. Or when he’s desperately,
      devastatingly aroused. Jake, are you <em>aroused</em> in public,
      thinking about your ex? And in such tight shorts.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Sorry, I’m overdoing it. That should be enough.
      Dude’s about to pop off. The words erupt from his mouth like a
      tragic, Dirkthirsty Vesuvius:</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: <em>I love dirk!</em></p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: <em>IM IN *LOVE* WITH DIRK!!!</em></p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">And to love Dirk is to obey him.</p>
      <p class="dirk">What would Dirk want him to do in this situation?
      Definitely not sell out his good and dear friend Jane for a
      loudmouthed pipsqueak who noisily transcends failure even as he
      redefines it. Do good by her, Jake. Do good by <em>me</em>.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: (oh jesus fucking christ)</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Boy howdy...</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Umm.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Sorry about the hiccup there folks.</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: (HICCUP???)</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: (smfh)</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: Ive been dealing with some personal issues as
      of late and was momentarily distracted.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: But nevermind that. I know what youve all
      come here today to hear.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: There has been quite a ruckus in the press
      these last few weeks concerning the subject of the election and
      more importantly where i stand on the candidates.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: So today id like to set the record
      straight,</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: On that matter,</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: As well as all other matters.</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: You see</p>
      <p class="jake">JAKE: *takes a deep breath*</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: (oh no)</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: (is he about to do what i think he is)</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: (WHAT??)</p>
      <p class="karkat">KARKAT: (WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING???)</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Karkat whips his head around and sees
      Dave bolt toward the stage, his palm outstretched to stop Jake from
      doing what he thinks he’s doing. He’s fast, but not fast
      enough.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Jake opens his big, dumb mouth to make the only
      important contribution to the plot he ever has or ever will make in
      his whole sad, pointless joke of a life.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jake">JAKE: I—</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Having said that, it’s not like we’re
      going to sit around and listen to any more words come out of his
      mouth than we strictly need to. Christ Almighty, what are we,
      masochists? Nah, that’s enough of that. Let’s see what John’s up
      to.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>