<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Postscript</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s44'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Postscript</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">E</span>lsewhere,
      below the horizon...</p>
      <p>The distant sounds of war travel above the canopy of a forest.
      The artillery fire fades to a series of muted knocks and thuds as
      the sound waves cross beyond a thinning patch of the forest and
      arrive in a clearing of grass and shrubbery. Above, the sky is
      dramatic, colorful, menacing. The way it looks when a storm is
      coming. The clouds are wild, whipped into a sort of spatial frenzy,
      as if they know what’s imminent is no earthly phenomena. Aradia
      stands in the field, her mouth gaping wide. But not at the sky.</p>
      <p>It’s unusual she isn’t grinning, and she slowly corrects this.
      She smiles brightly at the girl crouching on the ground ten paces
      before her. Aradia’s never seen anything like what she just saw
      this girl do.</p>
      <p>Jade was sixteen years old when she showed up, and she doesn’t
      look a day older now, though many hundreds of days have passed.
      There’s a hole piercing the Space symbol on her shirt, but no sign
      of whatever it was that made it. Her legs are covered by the same
      striped tights as usual, but her feet are shoeless. Her knees are
      pressed into the mud of the field, and her hands braced against the
      ground to support her hunched figure. She is covered in blood
      almost from head to toe.</p>
      <p>Fresh blood and viscera surround her in an uneven ring on the
      field. It soaks her clothes, coats her skin, still gleaming and
      wet, running slowly down her limbs and face, dripping from her
      mouth, glasses, and the tip of her nose. Her hair is matted,
      savage-looking, filthy. She looks up. Behind the rim of her
      glasses, her wide eyes are solid black. Her lips are parted,
      revealing her canine fangs. The meat she’s chewing is stubborn,
      raw, full of gristle. Almost supernaturally tough. But she is a
      determined beast of prey. She swallows once, hard. The last bit of
      her meal slides down her throat. The deed is finished.</p>
      <p>She stands up and closes her eyes. An aura of darkness gathers
      around her. The blood begins to dissolve, as if being absorbed into
      her skin. She makes two fists, plants her feet firmly, and releases
      an otherworldly howl. A shock wave emanates from her body, knocking
      Aradia down. It rushes outward, blowing the surrounding trees back
      as if they’re weathering hurricane-force winds. In a moment, calm
      is restored. She opens her perfectly black eyes again.</p>
      <p>Aradia staggers back to her feet and brushes herself off.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i take it everything went as you
      hoped</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade looks down at her hands as if they belong
      to an alien. She can feel it now. Abilities have been awakened
      inside her that no being has ever commanded before. She raises her
      hands and looks up at the sky. Above her, an immense vortex opens.
      It swirls many miles upward into blackness, and lightning crackles
      within.</p>
      <p>Jade does nothing for a while. She seems to simply study the
      construct she’s summoned, this great occult trumpet beckoning her
      into its abyss. Her face is expressionless. Her glasses flash white
      as they reflect the lightning that arcs sporadically inside the
      wormhole.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: well?</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: arent you going in</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: wasnt that the idea or did i not...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade silently holds up a hand, as if telling
      her to wait. Aradia closes her mouth, looking embarrassed.</p>
      <p>Nearby, a red haze gathers in the air. It condenses into
      concentric rings and spheres of ruby light. The luminous shape of a
      man fades into the center of the special effect. When the light
      subsides, Aradia notices the man is made of polished metal. She
      recognizes the gear symbol on his chest, identical to her own. She
      also recognizes the sunglasses the robot is wearing. She knows who
      this is.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: dave?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: sup</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He doesn’t look in Aradia’s direction. His
      eyes, glowing bright enough to be visible behind his shades, are
      fixed on Jade. He looks her up and down. She’s still so young. He
      knew this Jade many years ago, but by this point their paths have
      diverged in ways that he couldn’t begin to describe even if he
      wanted to.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: so we doin this</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Jade says nothing, and looks up into the
      wormhole again. She begins to levitate, gradually picking up speed.
      Without looking back, she rockets into the vortex, vanishing into
      the darkness. Davebot turns to Aradia.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: how about you</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: wanna come along</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: i guess so?</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: im really not sure whats going on
      here</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: to be honest the plan wasnt discussed
      much</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: thats what were doing now</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: discussin the plan</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: what about your boy</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: eyepatches</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: oh sollux is in one of his moods</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: this was all getting to be a bit much for
      him</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: if i go ill probably just cut him
      loose</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: good move</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">His gaze remains fixed on her. She blinks and
      looks away, unsure what to say next. He’s standing perfectly still,
      presumably waiting for her to say something. She met him... what
      was it? Once, twice before? She can’t remember. But she knows this
      is a very different Dave. Aside from the metal skin, he seems
      implacably confident. But then, people go through changes. She’s
      been through more than her share. She cocks an eyebrow, recalling
      her own stint with a metal body.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: hey earth to whats your face</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: oh</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: its aradia</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: i know</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: um...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: so thats a yes then</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: what</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: youre coming</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: better decide quick i doubt that dank
      fuckin hell funnel is staying open for much longer</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: yes i suppose so</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: thats where all the action is right?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: all the action that matters yeah</p>
      <p class="aradia">ARADIA: off we go then :)</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVEBOT: word</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">He holds out his hand. She looks around, and
      assumes he means for her to take it, so she does. She didn’t know
      someone could fly this fast. He nearly yanks her arm out of its
      socket. She considers reminding him that maybe this isn’t
      necessary, since she can fly too. But she doesn’t want to risk
      saying more embarrassing stuff around this outrageously cool dude.
      Besides, they’re through the wormhole before she can even finish
      the thought. It vanishes the moment they’ve crossed.</p>
      <p>The hole leaves behind an absence in the sky so calm that
      continuing to call it a sky wouldn’t seem to do it justice. It’s a
      perfectly neutral expanse into which anything one can imagine might
      be summoned. And for a while, anything was. But not anymore. Where
      the hole gaped just moments ago, there now exists an imaginary
      line.</p>
      <p>Above this line resides all that matters. Below exists all else.
      Never again the twain shall meet.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>