<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 4</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s4'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 4</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">Y</span>ou arrive
      in the Land of Heat and Clockwork in a flash of white. A column of
      brutally hot air blasts up from the lava below and instantly hits
      your entire body. Luckily, you’re fairly immortal, so the only
      damage it does is to fog up your glasses a bit. Through the
      condensation you can make out the shapes of Dave and Jade below, as
      well as two more of you hovering in the air above. Both Johns turn
      to look at you.</p>
      <p>On the ground, Dave is talking in a particular cadence, one that
      is familiar to you, his longtime best buddy. Casual, wandering,
      verging on droning. It’s a good indication he’ll be monologuing for
      a while, and probably already has been.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: im serious</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: the thing is</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: being a time guy</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like actually MASTERING time travel</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: im pretty sure what that involves is</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: learning to never use it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: see its like karate</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: well</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its more like what they SAY about karate</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: that you learn it so you dont use it</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: but i mean we all know the truth about karate
      is if you know karate then obviously in reality you use it all the
      time</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: like doing lethal fuckin crane kicks and
      sweet karate chops while walking down the street just cause you
      can</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: its a god damn no brainer...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: thats what...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: you do...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: with...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: karate. john what the fuck are you doing
      here</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: or... wait</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: actually three johns</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: hey three johns what the fuck are three johns
      doing here</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">It’s a fair question, which logically should
      have been directed to the oldest and most knowledgeable John.
      Nevertheless, one of the younger Johns replies first.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">(JOHN 1): er.</p>
      <p class="john">(JOHN 1): i don’t know.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN 3: john, don’t worry about it. i’ll take
      things from here.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: johns dont get me wrong its cool that you all
      randomly dropped by again but this wasnt really the best time</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: we were kind of in the middle of a thing
      here</p>
      <p class="john">(JOHN 1): whoops. sorry.</p>
      <p class="john">(JOHN 2): uh... actually, i only came here to swoop
      in and zap this john away without being seen, to retcon away the
      mess i made earlier.</p>
      <p class="john">(JOHN 2): i didn’t expect to see another john
      here.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN 3: hey, other john, i said i’ll handle it!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN 3: i’m the only one who actually knows what’s
      going on here.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: god damn it johns what the fuck did you
      do</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN 3: young dave, please.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN 3: let me deal with the johns first, then i’ll
      explain.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: young dave???</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah why are you a fucking adult now</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: did you grow up and start time traveling
      dude</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">will someone tell me what the fuck is happening???????</span></p>
      <p class="john">JOHN 3: johns, there’s no reason for you to hang
      around anymore.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN 3: not to sound like a wet blanket, but the
      things you’re trying to accomplish are now useless, so you can just
      zap away and do whatever you want.</p>
      <p class="john">(JOHN 1): ummm...</p>
      <p class="john">(JOHN 2): useless?? wait.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN 3: ok, maybe i shouldn’t have said that.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN 3: i’m sure you can still go and do what i did
      when i originally did what you’re currently trying to do...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: jesus john</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN 3: in fact, it will still probably be a very
      rewarding experience!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN 3: some of my best memories happened right
      after you do what you’re about to do next.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN 3: the point is, you should just go do it, so
      that you aren’t here anymore.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN 3: i’m here to make sure some new and
      different important things happen, and those things don’t include
      you.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">:|</span></p>
      <p class="john">(JOHN 1): oh...</p>
      <p class="john">(JOHN 2): ...ok.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">The useless Johns zap away. You sincerely hope
      that they have a beautiful and fulfilling youth.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: adult john what the fuck have you done</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: is this some time travel shit</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: please dont tell me youve been spending the
      next however many years bungling through time like this because tbh
      if what i just witnessed was even remotely indicative of shit you
      get up to on a recurring basis then your future is almost too
      embarrassing to even think about</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and this is coming from a teenager who was
      just in the middle of an angsty episode</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">its
      true</span></p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, teen dave. this is not at all
      representative of my habits as an adult, but thanks for the
      concern.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m not time traveling, and neither were the
      other johns.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i used my retcon abilities to travel here
      from the future, in a manner of speaking.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: sounds fuckin stupid</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it is stupid. but that’s just how things
      are.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">im a little
      confused</span></p>
      <p class="jade">JADE:  <span class="jade-brainwashed">im supposed to be hunting you down and capturing you... but im not sure if the adult version of you counts?</span></p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">i think the condesce might just be... confused if i brought her an adult john?</span></p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">there will be a lot of questions that need answering, thats for sure</span></p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, you don’t need to capture me, and you
      wouldn’t be able to even if you wanted to, since my existence
      literally transcends the confines of canon.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">well...</span></p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">i guess that
      simplifies things then?</span></p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yep, pretty much.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">in that case, would you mind giving me and dave a few minutes to wrap up our conversation?</span></p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">we were sort of in the middle of something important... i think</span></p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, you really weren’t.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: sorry to be the bearer of lame news, like i
      just was to the other johns.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but whatever you were doing doesn’t matter
      anymore.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: nothing that’s happening here matters at
      all.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: this session, this whole takeover by the
      condesce... this isn’t how a universe gets made.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">its
      not?</span></p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well i mean, it IS.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but it already happened.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: we already made it.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and we’ve been living in it for years
      already, from my perspective.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh yeah?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: how is it</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: pretty cool.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, a little boring at times. but hey,
      that’s life.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: yeah thats about how i thought it would
      be</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so what now</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: if its all a done deal like preemptively
      speaking</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: can we all just relax or what</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: actually...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: fuck</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ah! i just realized why she sent me to this
      point in time to start recruiting you all.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: who</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: rose.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: whyd she do that</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and what do you mean recruit</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what the hell is going on</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: this is the moment just after you made your
      legendary cue ball sword.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you’re going to need it.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: for what</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: to come fight lord english with me.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Dave’s eyebrows descend beneath his
      sunglasses. You feel pretty bad because you’re about to completely
      circumvent the life-changing epiphany he’s just had that you know
      for a fact will make him a happier, chiller, and altogether more
      well-balanced human being.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: oh shit</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">what??</span></p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">john. he is NOT going to fight lord english just yet</span></p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">he is staying
      right here</span></p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">old ladys
      orders :P</span></p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: actually, yes he is.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and so are you. we all are.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">omg</span></p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">how dare
      you?????</span></p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: jade, you’re brainwashed.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: sorry. but nothing you’re saying now means
      anything.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s fine though, you’ll stop being
      brainwashed once i zap you outside the influence of the
      condesce.</p>
      <p class="jade">JADE: <span class="jade-brainwashed">youre not
      zapping me anywhere!!!!!</span></p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ha ha, yes i am.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: watch this...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Zap Grimbark Jade outta there.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">You set a hand on Jade’s shoulder and zap her
      off to a better place. Then you touch down on the concrete surface
      where the whole pointless confrontation was taking place so that
      you can talk Dave around whatever it is he’s going through right
      now. Dave, like his ecto-sister, really needs to get in an absurd
      amount of extraneous words before he can fully process a
      situation.</p>
      <p>The Mayor tips his head at you and fiddles with his sash. God
      damn, you missed the Mayor.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so what do we do next</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well, i’ll leave you to hang out with jade
      for a bit, while i go round up the others.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: what others... like</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: everyone</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yes. rose, and the other four.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i see</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: so...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: sorry if i seem a little slow here im just
      trying to figure this out</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: youre telling me that i made this sword
      because im destined to defeat lord english and weve all been
      training for that day our whole lives to some extent more or
      less</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and we are actually successful here like we
      overthrow the condesce and make a universe and everything</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: and then</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: we...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: sit on our asses for several years in the new
      universe and become adults and lead mostly boring lives instead of
      going off to fight him?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yes.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: guess that makes sense</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: now that i think about it thats probably what
      i would want to do by the time we finally wrap up this whole hot
      mess</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yep, it is what you wanted to do.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and pretty much everyone else agreed,
      including me. so that’s what we did.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: which uh</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i guess begs the question</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: if it seemed pointless at the time and nobody
      could be assed to go fight him when we all had our shit
      together</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: why does it suddenly become important to go
      back and beat him years later after we become a bunch of lazy
      adults with boring lives</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i pretty much had the same questions,
      dave.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: there are probably some pretty good answers
      to that. definitely some complicated answers.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but to be honest... i kind of forget what
      they actually were?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: god damn it john</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it has something to do with canon unraveling,
      and such.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: we all live outside canon in the future, and
      if we don’t do go do this, everything will stop meaning
      anything.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: does...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: anything you just said actually mean anything
      in the first place</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s a great question, dave.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: one that i can’t say i’m qualified to
      answer!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think the bottom line here is, this is what
      rose said we had to do.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so, that’s why we’re doing it.</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: sounds like a bullshit reason if i ever heard
      one</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you might be right.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but is it less of a bullshit reason than any
      other reason we currently have to go fight him?</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: ...</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: damn</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: youre right</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: i dont know how you did it but you somehow
      instantly sold me completely</p>
      <p class="dave">DAVE: fuck you adult egbert</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: heheh.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: still got it. :)</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You zap Dave off to where he needs to go. The
      Mayor is still staring at you, blinking his buggy little eyes. You
      shoot him a warm smile and a thumbs-up before bouncing off into the
      ether of infinity.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>