<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 35</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s35'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 35</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">Y</span>ou zap
      back to Earth C with the last of your energy. And I do mean last.
      You place your first foot on the ground, stumble forward three
      steps, and cough up blood. Terezi has to catch you under your arms,
      but you’re already going translucent around the edges. Your skin is
      cooling to the touch. The poison is coursing through your blood so
      furiously it’s making your veins feel like cords.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Terezi can tell you’re dying. She’s not in great
      shape herself, but she manages to tug you to your feet.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: JOHN COM3 ON</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: L3TS G3T YOU TO J4N3</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">You try to remember if you’ve ever been
      revived by Jane before. You honestly can’t recall. So much shit has
      happened. Maybe?</p>
      <p class="dirk">It doesn’t matter. This isn’t a wound you can
      recover from. It’s Game Over this time: no healing, no afterlife,
      no cosmic clock proclaiming your sacrifice as Heroic. The poison
      needling through you is antithetical to narrative relevance. You’re
      not dying, John. You’re being erased. Cherubs don’t fuck around.
      We’ve both been learning that the hard way.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I guess it’s tragic, though maybe not in the
      conventional sense. My view is, the real tragedy with you, John, is
      that you never mattered all that much. To those on the level of the
      cherubs, and now my level as well, you were never all that special,
      despite the critical role you played. You were just a middling glob
      of human glue used to seal one glaring gap left in canon. A simple
      tool to be wielded by a mechanic whose consciousness has risen high
      enough to see the machine for what it is. Your complete lack of
      remarkability, specific motivation, drive, opinion on where to
      direct your own fate—these deficiencies are exactly what made you
      so useful, so susceptible to being endowed with the you-ness I’ve
      borrowed to satisfy my purposes.</p>
      <p class="dirk">You slip from Terezi’s grip and face-plant into the
      grass. You hitch an elbow beneath yourself so you can roll over
      onto your back. You want to see the sky.</p>
      <p class="dirk">What was it that you thought when you went home,
      John? Back to your real home? That the sky here is too bright? That
      it looks like someone nudged the contrast a couple degrees in the
      wrong direction? How does it look now?</p>
      <p class="dirk">You close your eyes against the light.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t think it...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: m-matters.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t think... this is a wound jane can
      fix.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: DONT B3 R1D1CULOUS</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: terezi, f-for once in my life...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m being serious, ok...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: as s-soon as i got bit... i was dead.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: even before that...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i was dead the moment i...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: woke up that morning.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Well, that’s a little melodramatic. Not
      quite, John.</p>
      <p class="dirk">You died the moment you made the decision to go
      meet your destiny. You would have lived if you made the other
      decision, under a certain definition of the word “living.” You
      might have even lived until the end of your immortal life span, as
      shitty as that sounds. The objective reality of that life might be
      in dispute by some of the more pedantic canonistas out there. The
      outspoken sophists when it comes to what “counts” and what doesn’t.
      They know who they are. But whatever kind of life in a bubble you’d
      be living, at least you’d still be breathing in it.</p>
      <p class="dirk">That was the actual choice Calliope was giving you
      that day. That’s why she looked so sad when you decided to fight
      Lord English, even though you knew both then and now that it was
      the only choice you possibly could have made.</p>
      <p class="dirk">It was, John. This will be the best outcome for
      everyone. I promise.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: JOHN</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: hey, come here.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Terezi kneels at your side. She doesn’t
      do anything sappy like take your hand, though. Mostly because she
      knows how this is going to go, and doesn’t want to experience the
      tactile sensation of feeling your pulse slow under her palm.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’ve got, um...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: dying words to say and stuff.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: R34LLY</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: “DY1NG WORDS”</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: OH MY GOD 3GB3RT, YOU R34LLY 4R3 TH3
      L4M3ST P3RSON WHO H4S 3V3R L1V3D</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: TH1S 1SNT 4 MOV13 YOU COMPL3T3
      DUMP4SS</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: YOUR3 DY1NG 4ND YOU WONT 3V3N L3T M3 H3LP
      YOU</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: terezi...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: are you... crying?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">She wipes her eyes and nods.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i can’t believe it...</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 R3S3NT TH3 1MPL1C4T1ON TH4T 1 WOULD
      PR3T3ND TO B3 UN4FF3CT3D BY YOUR D34TH 4FT3R W3 H4D 4N 3MOT1ON4LLY
      S1GN1F1C4NT S3XU4L 3NCOUNT3R 1N TH3 B4CK OF TH3 FOUR WH33L D3V1C3
      ONC3 B3LONG1NG TO YOUR D34D HUM4N LUSUS</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: heh...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i guess even after all that, i’m... still a
      little intimidated by you, huh?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: ST1LL?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean... you have black feelings for me.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but i... i just can’t feel stuff like
      that.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m just a human after all.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: JOHN 1...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s ok.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m glad that... i got to be with you... even
      if it was just for a little while.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: do you... mind if i say something st...
      stupid?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: potentially... even multiple stupid
      things?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WOULD YOU ST1LL S4Y TH3M 3V3N 1F 1 S41D
      NO?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: p... probably.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: TH3N 1LL B3 YOUR D34THS1D3 CONF3SSOR</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: S4Y 4LL OF TH3 STUP1D TH1NGS JOHN</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 W1LL R3M3MB3R TH3M FOR YOU</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wow... that actually sounded kinda...
      romantic?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">She doesn’t confirm or deny the intent of
      her statement. She cries quietly, and waits for you to say whatever
      dumb shit is rattling around in your poison-addled mind. There’s a
      chilly breeze rolling in from the mountains. It rustles through the
      trees, breaking the perfect silence of an autumn afternoon.</p>
      <p class="dirk">You try to touch her face, but you can barely see
      now. You miss, and lovingly caress the air instead. Your hand lands
      back on your chest. You feel blood soaking through your shirt.
      You’re bleeding again.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh man...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: now that i’m on the spot... i can’t think of
      anything significant to say.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i always hoped that if i was in this
      position... i’d have something really awesome and memorable to
      say...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like nic cage would.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: if he died.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: DONT WORRY, 1LL T3LL 3V3RYON3 YOU S41D
      SOM3TH1NG R34LLY COOL</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: would you... really do that for me?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1F YOU W4NT M3 TO</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t... i don’t think anyone will believe
      you.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: NO TH3Y W1LL</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 PROM1S3 1LL W4TCH 3V3RY SH1TTY MOV13
      YOU L1K3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4ND F1ND JUST TH3 R1GHT STUP1D FUCK1NG
      QUOT3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: SOM3TH1NG TH4T NOBODY WOULD 3V3R DOUBT
      JOHN 3GB3RT WOULD US3 4S H1S F1N4L WORDS</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: TH3YLL B3L13V3 1T, TRUST M3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1LL *M4K3* TH3M B3L13V3 1T</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ah... haha...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: terezi you know...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think... i really lo—</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: DONT YOU D4R3</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i... r-really lov—</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: DONT YOU D4R3 FUCK1NG D13 ON M3 1N TH3
      M1DDL3 OF 4 LOV3 CONF3SS1ON!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 FORB1D 1T!!!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but... i...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Then John dies in the middle of a love
      confession.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Terezi leans closer, then holds perfectly still.
      She tilts her ear toward him and sniffs once. There, she can hear
      it. The slow seeping of blood, like a distant stream. The scent of
      his life leaving his body, strangely unmistakable, like the quality
      of the air before it rains. She listens to him bleed while she
      smells him die.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Terezi presses her ear to his chest and confirms
      that his heart has stopped. Her tears dry up at that. She’s so
      devastated she can’t even fucking cry. What is she supposed to do
      now, when John was the one who asked her to come back to this
      place? Would she ever have had any intention of returning if it
      weren’t for him? She doesn’t know anymore. She remembers his voice,
      so earnest and friable, asking her over and over again to come
      home. In multiple realities, all he wanted for her was this. To be
      home safe, with all their friends. And now that she’s here, she’s
      lost.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Legs shaking, she gets to her feet and takes a
      whiff of the horizon. Where the fuck am I, she thinks. How do I
      just get on with <em>living</em> here after everything that just
      happened?</p>
      <p class="dirk">That’s definitely a fair question. But I have one
      that’s much more important for her to answer.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Terezi, are you <em>seriously</em> just going to
      leave the body here?</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Of course not. Terezi’s a practical girl,
      after all. She digs the wallet out of her blood-stained pants, and
      captchas the corpse. She holds it close to her heart, like a
      secret. Like John’s stupid last words: a confession whispered for
      her and no one else.</p>
      <p class="dirk">And then she starts walking home.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>