<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 28</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s28'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 28</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh, how long have you been watching?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: LONG 3NOUGH TO SM3LL YOU FL41L1NG 4BOUT
      L1K3 4 W1GGL3R WH1L3 T4LK1NG TO J4D3S SHO3S</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, heh.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: awkward.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: ...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">she stares at john for some
      time, a curious expression on her face. she says nothing for long
      enough that john begins to wonder if she has any use for him at
      all. will she offer one last barbed jest before vanishing from his
      life again, for good this time? he hopes he means more to her than
      that, especially after all the trying experiences they’ve
      shared.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">and he does mean more to her than that.
      her hesitation isn’t meant to make him feel unwelcome. she’s simply
      processing what she is “seeing.” something is off about him.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: JOHN DO NOT T4K3 TH1S P3RSON4LLY</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4LTHOUGH 1 DO 4BSOLUT3LY M34N 1T
      P3RSON4LLY</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: BUT YOU SM3LL L1K3 SH1T</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">it isn’t his unseemly appearance
      she finds surprising. he is gravely wounded, but it’s not that
      either. something else is different about him. different, somehow,
      from how she thought he’d be when she imagined they’d next meet.
      under all the gore, he smells... too fresh.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">she decides to keep her observations to
      herself, lest she cause this ailing version of john more
      confusion.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah well... you smell like shit too!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 4SSUM3 TH4T YOU 4R3 CORR3CT</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: B31NG TH4T 1V3 B33N OUT H3R3 FOR 4
      C3RT41N 4MOUNT of T1M3 W1TH L1M1T3ED ACC3SS TO FOOD 4ND W4T3R</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: BUT 1 TH1NK TH4T YOUR S1TU4T1ON 1S 4 B1T
      MOR3 S3R1OUS TH4N M1N3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4S YOU S33M TO B3 BL33D1NG TO D34TH FROM
      4 TOOTH IN YOUR CH3ST</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">john laughs, exposing his two
      rows of disarmingly dull human teeth, signature characteristics of
      his smile.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh this?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s only a flesh wound, haha.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: Y3S JOHN, G3N3R4LLY WOUNDS T3ND TO H4PP3N
      TO TH3 FL3SH</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, see, it’s a movie reference.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: there’s this knight and he keeps losing the
      fight that he’s in, but he refuses to give up.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so when they cut off his arms and legs and
      stuff, he keeps acting like it’s no big deal.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and to remain defiant, he keeps saying stuff
      like “it’s only a flesh wound”... heh.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1S TH4T TH3 T1TL3 OF TH3 MOV13?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no the movie is called monty python.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it actually kind of sucks?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: movies from the 90s are so much better.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t even know why i’m quoting this crap?
      i must really be in bad shape here...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">terezi tips her head to one
      side, with what john personally regards as a cute expression, one
      he believes is unique to her. whether he’s correct or not, it’s his
      belief that there is no one else who emotes in this manner. it’s
      both quizzical and mocking, two descriptors that he considers to be
      an apt summation of her personality as well.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">john pauses, reflecting on the word “cute”
      as it passes through his mind. he wonders if this really is what he
      thinks of terezi, without influence, without delirium, without
      mistaking one emotion for another.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">but it is what he thinks of her, quite
      truthfully. i have no desire to interject thoughts into others’
      minds, or to sway intent. nor do i see value in masking the reality
      of the emotions that i transcribe. this is how he feels. his mind,
      however, has made a habit of being less clear about his thoughts
      than i am willing to be.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">john would be mortified with human
      embarrassment if he could understand the clarity and precision with
      which i am willing to telegraph his thoughts. but his embarrassment
      is irrelevant to me. as always, the truth is paramount. john thinks
      terezi is very cute. he always has. he thinks she’s small for how
      big she talks, and has a nose that resembles a button. these
      qualities he regards as particularly adorable, due to their sharp
      contrast with her harsh and incisive demeanor. john recalls the
      concept of “gap moe,” a term which the prince, speaking from his
      highly self-aggrandized position as a “scholar” of ancient asian
      earth lore, once explained to mean a charming, measured discrepancy
      between one’s archetypical appearance and idiosyncratic personal
      attributes. terezi is definitely cute, john decides. the conclusion
      is now at the forefront of his mind.</p>
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="type-bs type-hs-bottom">I don’t fucking believe
      this.</span></p>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">but he still resists, doubts
      himself. perhaps it’s even weirder to frame it this way, he
      wonders. he fears he is in danger of seeming like the type of
      creepy human male who is likely to collect large pillows bearing
      the illustrated images of japanese earth females. to me, this idea
      means nothing. but it is causing him to sweat.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">he is worried that these are the thoughts
      entertained by a man of low character. by, perhaps, a scoundrel.
      his worries are interrupted, as terezi floats over and flicks him
      on the forehead.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: DONT STR41N YOURS3LF TH1NK1NG TOO H4RD
      TH3R3 3GB3RT</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh, yeah, now that i think about it, that was
      a dumb metaphor.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s one of those earth things that’s
      probably impossible for an alien to understand.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: maybe it’s the blood loss... ugh, i’m
      probably making a fool of myself here.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: JOHN, YOUR MONK3Y PYTHON 4N3CDOT3 W4S
      V1NT4G3 3GB3RT-T13R 4DOR4STUP1D. DONT WORRY 4BOUT 1T</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: B3S1D3S, ON 4LT3RN14 1T WOULD B3
      CONS1D3R3D W31RD FOR SOM3ON3 TO STOP 4 F1GHT JUST FOR LOS1NG 4
      L1MB</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: really?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: Y34H, 1F SOM3ON3 1N TH3 M1L1T4RY R4N 4W4Y
      JUST FOR TH4T TH3YD PROB4BLY G3T CULL3D</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wow.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: alternia sucked.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: Y34H</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">suddenly, terezi sways, feeling
      woozy. john reaches out to catch her shoulders, steadies her. now
      closer, he examines her face in detail. her complexion is chalky.
      compared to humans, trolls have little color to lose. when they
      feel ill, there is a pallor to them, a dusty quality running deeper
      than the surface of the skin.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: woah! are you ok?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: OF COURS3 NOT!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: JOHN, 1 4M 1N TH3 PROC3SS OF ST4RV1NG TO
      D34TH</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: D1DNT 1 JUST S4Y 1V3 B33N OUT H3R3 FOR 4
      LONG T1M3?!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: alright! i’m just worried about you,
      dumbass!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you don’t need to jump down my throat about
      every little thing!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: ...</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1M SORRY</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: just... how long have you been out here,
      terezi?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1.........</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: H4V3 NO 1D34</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: T1M3 P4SS3S D1FF3R3NTLY H3R3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4ND NOT 4LW4YS 1N 4 STR41GHT L1N3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: SOM3T1M3S 1T F33LS L1K3 1V3 B33N H3R3 4
      HUNDR3D SW33PS</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4ND 1M NOT 3V3N SUR3 TH4TS NOT TRU3</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1TS</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: H4RD TO ST4Y 4NCHOR3D</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: whew...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s... pretty heavy?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: Y34H</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: here, look.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i found my dad’s wallet floating out here,
      like, fucking randomly? can you believe that?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: &gt;:?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: let’s see if there’s any food in it.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">she hesitates, weighing her
      temptation to playfully antagonize john against the virtue of
      sincere expression. there are times she worries the latter may be
      more appropriate.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: TH4NKS 3GB3RT</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no problem. we’re friends, terezi...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s not like i’m going to let you die out
      here just because we bicker sometimes.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you don’t have to be so on guard! actually,
      i’m glad to see you.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’ve been thinking about you a lot lately.
      i...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">when john opens the wallet, the
      first thing he sees stored in the capacious modus is a spare car.
      his ever-prepared father must have captchalogued a second one as a
      backup. perhaps, as john speculates, in case his primary vehicle
      got a flat tire.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: ...</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: YOU WH4T JOHN?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh, hold that thought...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: check this out!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">john deploys the spare car. it
      looks brand-new, like the day his father brought the other one back
      from the dealership. it strikes john as the first bit of good luck
      he’s had all day.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">terezi is less impressed.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1S TH1S P4TH3T1C4LLY PR1M1T1V3 FOUR WH33L
      D3V1C3 3D1BL3, OR 4M 1 M1SUND3RST4ND1NG SOM3TH1NG H3R3</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, it’s just that i...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">john’s vision is dark and blurry
      around the edges. he is reminded he is not in perfect physical
      condition either and could use a moment of rest. he climbs onto the
      trunk of the car, assuming a sitting position with his legs
      dangling in front of the bumper. he exhales, then turns to look at
      terezi.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">he pats the place beside him, inviting her
      to sit. she looks skeptical but relents, shimmying up next to him
      on the chrome. she shrugs out of the straps of her rocket pack.
      they sit silently for several minutes, shoulders two inches apart.
      the atmosphere is thin and chilly. below their dangling feet, the
      black hole looms, watching them. above, the sky seems to stretch on
      more infinitely than a typical infinite expanse, without being
      boxed in by the properties of space or time. john observes terezi
      watching the sky. the light flickers, meteoric, over her sharp
      features. it casts pools of shadow beneath her eyes and in the dip
      of her neck.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">his innocent thoughts continue, with the
      cautious yet growing confidence of a skittish animal creeping out
      of the woods. it is confident only in its surety of being
      unobserved. like this, he does not think she is cute at all. no,
      she is beautiful. this vision of her is haunting to him.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1TS R34LLY 4 M3SS OUT H3R3 1SNT 1T</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">he opens the wallet again, both
      to search for something edible and to take his eyes away from her.
      objects begin appearing around him as he leafs through the cards. a
      crumpled fedora. a silk tie. his father’s backup cufflinks.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: what are you doing out here anyway?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WH4T DO YOU TH1NK 1M DO1NG OUT H3R3?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: LOOK1NG FOR VR1SK4 OF COURS3</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: still?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WH4T DO YOU M34N ST1LL</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well... it’s been years.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: at least from my perspective it has.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what have you seen since you started
      looking?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: there’s just... nothing out here.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: not anymore.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: if you haven’t found her yet, i hate to say
      it, but...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: she’s probably not here.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: ...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, she went to fight lord english,
      right?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i was just there, and i didn’t see her.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and i’m pretty sure everyone who WAS there is
      dead now.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i wouldn’t be surprised if we’re the only two
      people left alive out here.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">terezi stares at him with her
      wide, red eyes.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: Y34RS...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yes.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh. a year is about half a sw—</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 KNOW TH4T, FOOL</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1TS JUST S1NK1NG 1N</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: HOW T1M3 H4S P4SS3D D1FF3R3NTLY FOR
      US</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: right.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: T1M3 NOT 1N TH3 L1T3R4L S3NS3 OF S3CONDS
      P4SS1NG BY</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: BUT...</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: PROGR3SS</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: YOUV3 CH4NG3D SO MUCH</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4ND 4LL 1V3 DON3 1S W4ST3 MY 3NT1RE
      L1F3SP4N W4LK1NG 1N C1RCL3S</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: hey, let’s not throw in the towel just
      yet!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so, do you think...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: do i actually LOOK that much different to
      you?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">she leans in close to sniff him
      carefully.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: HMMM</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: YOU SM3LL OLD3R</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: BUT NOT 4S OLD 4S 1 THOUGHT YOUD B3</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what does that mean?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: DONT WORRY 4BOUT 1T</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: OH! WH4T 1S TH4T?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">terezi appears delighted. she
      quickly snatches something out of the open wallet. it is a can of
      human shaving cream. she clutches it with covetous desperation, her
      mouth watering.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: terezi, no!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s not food!!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">john is too late. she sprays the
      airy white foam directly into her mouth. she is slurping the earth
      product known as barbasol greedily, groaning in pleasure as it runs
      down her chin in viscid, frothy rivers. john’s eyes bulge at the
      unappetizing spectacle.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">he watches with a strange mixture of
      disgust and fondness. he briefly wonders about the caloric value of
      the foam. however, regardless of its nutritional merit, it does
      appear to have restored some of her vigor, so he decides not to
      interfere. he feels a twinge of pain in his chest, and considers it
      may be on account of missing her so greatly.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">but no. it’s just my brother’s tooth,
      lodged deep in his chest, spreading its poison. it really should be
      extracted before it’s too late.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: um... you feel better?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: Y3S</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s good.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but personally speaking, i feel like total
      shit.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think we should go back.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: home, i mean.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: N... NO</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">she grabs him by the shirt. her
      voice begins to waver. he notices desperation in the dark circles
      under her eyes.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: PL34S3 JOHN</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: C4N W3 JUST</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: ST4Y 4 L1TTL3 LONG3R?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">his mind knows he must say no.
      his sense of self-preservation insists on it. but he simply can’t.
      he redoubles his effort to ignore the pain. he fights back tears.
      she can sense his great struggle but says nothing. with a tilt of
      his head, he gestures toward the car.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: um. ok.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: we can stay a little longer.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: why don’t you rest in the back seat, so you
      can save your energy.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’ll drive.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: not literally drive, but... you know.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent calliope-dead">terezi crawls in back, while
      john floats into the driver’s seat. he summons a gust of wind to
      propel the car through the decaying medium, as he once did on the
      battlefield so long ago. terezi closes her eyes the moment her head
      hits the seat. she snores heavily. john makes a concerted effort
      not to be creepy about it, by his own estimation of the word’s
      meaning, yet cannot stop looking at her in the rearview mirror. he
      tells himself it’s just to make sure she’s still breathing.</p>
      <p class="calliope-dead">that it’s just to make sure she’s actually
      <em>there</em>.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>