<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 22</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s22'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 22</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">Y</span>ou’ve been
      drifting so long that you’ve lost the ability to objectively judge
      time or depth or distance. It’s getting hard to think about
      yourself as an objectively limited being. The boundaries of your
      skin begins to thin and disappear. What is it that makes an
      individual an individual? Is it the physical space we occupy? The
      electric sparks that sizzle through our brain flesh? If your
      perception expands beyond the meat sack of your body, then are you
      really an <em>individual</em> anymore? Why shouldn’t we become
      gods? Why shouldn’t we become <em>one God</em>.</p>
      <p class="dirk">You scrunch up your nerdy face and furrow an
      eyebrow. It seems you aren’t enjoying this train of thought.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: why am i even THINKING about this
      bullshit??</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Sorry, dude. That’s what’s on my mind
      right now. I’m having a phenomenological debate in my third ear
      that’s way more popping than your little hero’s journey into the
      belly of a quarter-life crisis.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: argh!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">It turns out you don’t have time to worry
      about the voice inside your head, because you hear one outside of
      it. At first you don’t think it’s real. You think it must be an
      aural mirage. Then it calls you the fuck out.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: yo blue guy</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: get the shell down here</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Your whirl around, upside down. You look
      up, then down. There she is.</p>
      <p class="dirk">She’s clinging to a random server beacon, looking a
      little the worse for wear but still grinning. You float on down to
      greet her.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: thank god. i was beginning to think that no
      one else was alive.</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: im not alive</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh right. sorry.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m glad to see you, is what i meant to
      say.</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: same</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: i fuckin guess</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">She narrows her blank eyes. Her mouth
      twists into a frown. Not quite a concerned one, but close enough.
      You’ll take it.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: i gotta say</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: damn buoy ya look like S)-(IT</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, i know.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i suffered a mortal wound, and then i threw
      up on myself.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: other than that, i’m ok though.</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: waterboat lord english</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: he bite the bullet or what</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah he’s...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: he’s pretty fucking dead.</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: whale</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: theres that at least</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">There is definitely that, at least. You
      both stare at each other for a pretty long time, and let it sink
      in. It’s a hell of a fact, no doubt. But aside from reaching verbal
      agreement on certain basic points of fact, you both realize you’re
      pretty much out of material. You were kind of hoping you’d discover
      a survivor you could have an actual conversation with. Not that you
      aren’t glad to see Meenah, but you don’t <em>know</em> her, and
      she’s not who you were really looking for.</p>
      <p class="dirk">That reminds you.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: hey, uh...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: mee...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: fish?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: (christ.)</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: meefish?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, i know that’s not your name.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: jesus christ. i’m sorry.</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: its meenah</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: right. meenah.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: have you by any chance seen jade around?</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: who da fuck is jade</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">This is without a doubt one of the worst
      conversations you’ve had in many, many years. And you aren’t just
      thinking that because I’m telling you you are.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: well...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: she’s...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i dunno.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, REALLY?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you don’t know jade?</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: why the fuck you suppose im tight with
      some random ass ho</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: jade’s like, a big deal?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i thought you were kind of important too?</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: you didnt even know my name dog</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ugh.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">You’ve never been accused of having
      stellar people-reading skills. But even you can tell the look on
      her face says it all right now.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: wait a minute.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: do you even know MY name?</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: uhhh</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: this is a two way street you know.</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: nah</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: nah, what?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so you don’t know it?</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: like</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: joke?</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: joke somefin</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s john.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: joke is my biological father.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean JAKE!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: jake is his name.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: dammit.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Halfway through this exchange, Meenah
      pulls out a small, clamshell-shaped accessory kit, and begins to
      file her nails. She almost dislocates her jaw by yawning the moment
      you mention Jake.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: alright, we’re veering off course.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: jade is my sister.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i think she’s still out here, somewhere.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: have you seen her?</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: na man</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Your entire body deflates. This is going
      nowhere. Turns out Meefish is fucking useless. You decide to do
      her, as well as yourself, the favor of completely ruling out the
      possibility of eliciting any valuable information from this
      person.</p>
      <p class="dirk">You exhale, and just let some stuff off your
      chest.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: man i...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i just didn’t expect everything to go to shit
      so fast.</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: thats how the shit alwaves goes</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, i guess.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so... never mind jade. have you seen...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: any OTHER survivors? like, anyone at all?</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: nope</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: i aint moved from this floatin hunger
      trunk lookin piece of shit since i got my bass kicked</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well, you’re the first i’ve seen too.</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: oh</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">There’s another awkward silence. You
      spend most of it looking at your feet, until something occurs to
      you.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: so what’s your plan now?</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: plan</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you just gonna hang around here, in the
      middle of nowhere, doing nothing forever?</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: thats what ghosts is most good at aint
      they</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you don’t have to stay here.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i can take you back with me, to my
      planet.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, after we’re done looking for more
      survivors.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Meenah stares at you for an uncomfortably
      long time. She looks you up and down, like she’s making certain
      calculations. On the one hand, spending infinity clinging to a
      fridge-like space computer circling a black hole sounds like a
      drag. On the other hand, will her coolness and street cred be able
      to survive any prolonged association with this dumb blue nerd?
      That’s what she <em>could</em> be thinking, you think. You hope not
      though, because if true, it would hurt your self-esteem.</p>
      <p class="dirk">She finally appears to make up her mind.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: naaah</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: why not?</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: ok for one thing genius</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: im dead</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: i wont even last on your planet ill just
      like</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: fade away or some shit</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: i dont know what happens to ghosts in
      real places actually but ima guess it goes somefin like that</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh yeah.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: whoops, i forgot.</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: anyway while you was floatin there i came
      up with my own plan</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what is it?</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: cmere</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: gonna whisper it to you</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh, ok.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">You lean in rather credulously, and bring
      your ear toward her cupped hand.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: (nerd)</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">You pull back, unamused by the prank.
      What is this, you think. Fucking amateur hour?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: reel cute you wanna be my savior blue
      boy</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: but the fact is you already helped me
      out</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: got everyfin i need from you</p>
      <p class="feferi">MEENAH: sea ya round sucker! 38)</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">She’s laughing her ass off. Before you
      can react, she jams the button down on the beacon and opens the
      server. She jumps into the hatch and the door snaps closed behind
      her.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Oh, shit. I think I know what just happened. You
      might want to check your pockets.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: wait a...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: minute...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">You fruitlessly fumble around in your
      front hoodie pocket.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: wait a fucking MINUTE!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Sure enough, it’s missing. The Ring of
      Life you stole back from Aranea has been re-stolen. Bitch just
      picked your pocket. You got played, man.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: <em>fuck!</em></p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>