<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 41</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s41'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 41</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">S</span>he’s
      right, of course. I do have to be stopped.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Not because I’m really that bad. I mean, I don’t
      think I am. I’ll understand if there are those who disagree. If my
      agenda was to try as hard as I could to make sure no one thought I
      sucked, what the fuck would ever get done? How would I go about
      taming this world, or shaping reality for the better? And if I
      didn’t bother pursuing those goals, and thereby tacitly accepting
      the untold suffering that resulted from my inaction, wouldn’t
      <em>that</em> make me a bad person? If I try and succeed, I’m a
      hero, right? And if I try and fail, at least I made things
      interesting on my way to the grave. There would be a tragic
      nobility in that. And the way I see it, settling for anything less
      from my arc would be, frankly, pathetic.</p>
      <p class="dirk">So yeah, of course I know I “have to be stopped.”
      It’s part of the contract. What you sign up for when you assume the
      burdens of this sort of power. Where there is that which must be
      subdued and suborned for the greater good, there is that which will
      instinctively resist. That which intuits that whatever’s going on
      here is “wrong.” Otherwise, intervention wouldn’t even be
      necessary, would it? If reality and those within it were already so
      intrinsically pliable, so amenable to deviating from their own
      nature, the sins of men and faults of God would have no rigidity or
      resilience. There’d be no challenge in forcing their correction. No
      reward in ramming salvation down their throats. I know this isn’t
      coming cheap, what I’m trying to do. The cost of it is knowing I
      need to be stopped. I accept it consciously, and when the time
      comes—<em>if</em> it comes—I’ll offer myself up gladly.</p>
      <p class="dirk">But I’m not a fool. I know what accepting this cost
      really means, through any objective narrative faculty. No matter
      how I rationalize things, how grandly I orate my supreme designs,
      or how indulgent and self-obsessed my concluding soliloquy may come
      across, I’m perfectly aware of what I’ve become in all practical
      ways. I am the villain now. It’s gotten impossible for me to see
      this result as anything but inevitable, from the day I was spawned
      from a puddle of slime. I want to be a good person. I believe I am
      a good person. But when you’re someone like me, good is never going
      to be quite good enough.</p>
      <p class="dirk">The problem is, I think power like mine can only
      make antagonistic intent unavoidable. Who could wield such control
      over people’s choices and the course of events without ultimately
      becoming the enemy of anyone who notices? Maybe only a stronger
      person than I could manage to pull it off. Someone like Dave. So
      when I say I know I need to be stopped, I guess it’s more than just
      accepting my end of a diabolical bargain. I know I need to be
      stopped, because I’m sure deep down, somewhere inside my infinitely
      recursive sense of self, I know what’s going on here is all just a
      little bit sick. To be honest, I’d consider killing myself and
      sparing reality all the trauma from the jump—I mean, a legit
      suicide, not one of those melodramatic faux-suicidal plays for
      attention, sympathy, or Jake’s dick. But to really do it for keeps?
      For a truly selfless purpose? Nah. Too cowardly for that. Too
      afraid to stop existing for good. Wouldn’t you be if you were
      me?</p>
      <p class="dirk">I guess therein lies the problem. If I
      <em>weren’t</em> me, obviously I’d consider myself much less
      indispensable. Only worthless people permit themselves the great
      luxury of a valorous sacrifice. When the deed is done, what was
      really lost? It’s like the guy in the mail room quitting in a
      self-righteous huff. Who the fuck were you again? No, when the
      sense of self is so substantial, when the fate of everything turns
      on every vain whim of an ego this sprawling, this entrenched in the
      very medium that contains all else, there’s a certain existential
      sunk cost that goes with the whole deal. A persona that vast
      doesn’t just self-terminate. It won’t allow itself to.</p>
      <p class="dirk">That’s why when someone finally comes knocking for
      the price I owe, I’ll fully welcome it. By then it’ll have been a
      long time coming, and I’ll probably have done more than my share to
      make sure, somewhere along the way, it all got put into motion.
      What good is a villain who doesn’t have a satisfying dramatic
      comeuppance in store for him? So yeah, the next time I die, let’s
      pencil it in as a Just Death. And let’s also have it on good
      authority that the next time Dave cuts off my head, it’ll be for
      good.</p>
      <p class="dirk">I’ll be looking forward to that day just as much as
      the next guy.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>