<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 40</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s40'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 40</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">K</span>anaya
      Maryam is single and ready to mingle.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Alright, not really. But she’s coping admirably
      with the sudden departure of her beloved spouse. She’s doing her
      best not to think about it. That’s how you get past something. Just
      put it out of your mind, train your thoughts on a hopeful future,
      and stop dwelling on the many little micro-failures in your past
      that all added up to a doomed marriage. She’s looking directly
      ahead, chin up, taking firm, confident strides. The heels of her
      designer shoes click loudly on the hospital linoleum.</p>
      <p class="dirk">She grips the antidote I left for her with both
      hands as she scans the hall for the room number she got from the
      front desk. She hears Roxy’s voice before she sees the number, and
      follows the sound. She enters the room. There’s Jade, still as a
      corpse, propped up slightly in her bed as the adjacent heart
      monitor beeps gently. Roxy is sitting next to her in a chair, still
      looking every bit the slick and cool dude he’s presenting as these
      days. Nice.</p>
      <p class="dirk">There’s nobody else in the room. I guess he was
      talking to Jade? That’s very kind, but she can’t hear you, Roxy.
      She’ll be able to soon enough though. And when she does, you’ll
      probably want to be the one listening to what she has to say.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: oh hey</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Hello</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: How Is She</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: um</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: sleepin</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: idk</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: Yes I See</p>
      <p class="kanaya">KANAYA: I Brought This</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: wats that</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Kanaya pops the cap off the EpiPen-style
      delivery mechanism for the antidote and jabs it into Jade’s arm.
      Her hands twitch a bit, and her body begins to stir. Her mouth
      opens a crack and lets out a barely audible whimper.</p>
      <p class="dirk">She opens her eyes quite wide, suddenly. Her bright
      green irises dart around the room, trying to solve the riddle of
      her present location. Roxy peers intently through his shades to get
      a better look. They’re Jade’s same old eyes, playful, intelligent.
      But they seem different somehow. These are eyes that have seen so
      much more than they had the last time they were open.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: jade!!!</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: omg jade</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: youre awake</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: how u feelin?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Jade stares at Roxy. If she mistakes him
      for Dave, it isn’t for long. She hears the beeping next to her.
      Glances out the window. This is a hospital room, she understands
      now. Her mind races, sifting through the overwhelming amount of
      information that became available to her the moment her trance
      began. The scope of her awareness, she now understands, is truly
      staggering. Memories are suddenly accessible that are almost
      impossible to believe. Some of them are unspeakably marvelous to
      her. Others, deeply disturbing.</p>
      <p class="dirk">No, more than just disturbing. She lingers in the
      dark recesses of her consciousness. There were things she saw,
      things she was <em>told</em>... Her mouth twists into a silent
      snarl. She’s been angry plenty of times before. But never so angry
      that she stopped being cute. She’s not cute this time.</p>
      <p class="dirk">She starts breathing harder, belligerently pushing
      the air from her nostrils. The beeping doubles its pace. Her eyes
      are wild, no longer sizing up the room but calculating the true
      extent of the turbulent rage coursing through her body. Her brow
      creases sharply, and her nose wrinkles as her upper lip rises and
      quivers. And then it hits her. She knows exactly why she’s feeling
      this way.</p>
      <p class="dirk">She bolts upright from her bed, and shouts:</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="jade">JADE: DIRK STRIDER HAS TO BE STOPPED!!!!!!!!!!</p>
      </div>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>