<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 33</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s33'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 33</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent dirk"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">S</span>peaking of
      meat, holy shit. You just look more fucked up every time we come
      back to you, don’t you, John?</p>
      <p class="dirk">You’re a disgraceful mess right now. Covered in
      blood, mysteriously sticky, bruised all over your arms, legs, and
      neck. Terezi practically raked rows into your back. You catch sight
      of yourself in the rearview mirror. You’re kind of embarrassed by
      what a postcoital train wreck you look like when all she’s got is
      mussed hair. And you should be embarrassed. Seriously, it’s like
      you were mauled by a wild animal. Jesus, don’t either of you have
      any shame?</p>
      <p class="dirk">I’m kidding, of course. I’m the last person to
      criticize a little power play in the bedroom. I just didn’t expect
      you to be the kind of person who was into that sort of thing.</p>
      <p class="dirk">You <em>were</em> into it, right?</p>
      <p class="dirk">You’re not sure. You feel weird. Shaky and numb,
      exposed like a grape with the skin peeled off. You pull your hoodie
      over your bandaged chest, and rub the side of your face where she
      backhanded you during the backseat fracas. Just once. That’s a
      blackrom thing, right? This, all this, it was a blackrom thing,
      right? You’re like a broken cup glued back together, wondering if
      Terezi actually like-likes you, or if you’ve just infinitely cucked
      yourself into the one quadrant you like the least.</p>
      <p class="dirk">You’re feeling something for her too, but it’s on a
      whole other planet from where she is.</p>
      <p class="dirk">Terezi doesn’t make eye contact with you when she
      slithers back into her shirt. She rolls down the window and floats
      outside.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: um.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: W3LL? COM3 ON</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">You sit together on the hatch, like when
      you first met up days ago. Terezi crawls into your arms, and
      nuzzles right up against your chest so you have no choice but to
      hold on to her. You would have done it anyway if she asked, because
      you’re a total sap. The kind of guy who no doubt thinks banging a
      girl in a car is some deep, soul-shattering experience that bonds
      you for life. Yeah, John, you do think that. You think that you and
      Terezi are basically married now.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 G1V3 UP</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh. don’t do that.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like, i’m not suddenly going to be ok with
      you dying here alone just because of, uh... what we just did.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">She elbows you gently, and snorts into
      your neck. You think that’s one of the most amazing sounds you’ve
      ever heard. Objectively though, it’s a horrendous sound. Like a
      sound a pig makes when you’re not looking, so you can’t quite tell
      if it was snorting or farting. But for some reason, the little
      noise gives you palpitations. Holy shit, dude, you’ve got it
      bad.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: NO 1D1OT</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 G1V3 UP ON VR1SK4</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Terezi says this like someone announcing
      they’ve lost their faith in God. And comparing Vriska to God sounds
      about right to me, since by now they’re both approximately just as
      fake, seeing as I replaced the latter, and the former fucked off
      into that black hole a little earlier, never to be seen again.
      Can’t say I feel too broken up about it.</p>
      <p class="dirk">But <em>you</em>, John, feel extremely sad. Not for
      Vriska, but for Terezi. You run a comforting hand up and down her
      arm.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: terezi.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: come home with me.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: C4N W3 3V3N GO HOM3?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">Can you? You’re so, <em>so</em>
      tired.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: um, i don’t know actually.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: &gt;:?</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: WH4T</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean... i don’t know if i can use my retcon
      powers right now.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m so...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">You feel the same way you did at the end
      of your battle with Lord English. One foot out of reality already.
      Like you could close your eyes and sleep forever.</p>
      <p class="dirk">But you can’t yet, John. Try a little harder to
      stay awake. You can rest soon.</p>
      <p class="dirk">You wake up, with your back flat on the car trunk,
      Terezi shaking you and looking genuinely frantic. You didn’t even
      realize you fell asleep.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: JOHN!</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: JOHN!!!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: hey.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: let me take a nap, ok?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: then...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: then i’ll take us home.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 1 DONT TH1NK TH4TS 4 GOOD 1D34 JOHN</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">She used your first name three whole
      times in a row. Wow. It’s truly pathetic how happy that makes you.
      But it gives you the energy to push yourself into a sitting
      position. You rub your face and realize that you’ve lost your
      glasses. You feel so awful that you didn’t even notice how blurry
      everything looks without them. You grope for Terezi’s hand and get
      her thigh instead.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: hold on to me, ok.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no matter what happens... don’t let go.</p>
      <p class="terezi">TEREZI: 4R3 YOU SUR3 YOU C4N DO 1T</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, but...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent dirk">You won’t know if you don’t try. So you
      give it everything you’ve got.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>