<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat - Chapter 3</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Meat'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s3'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 3</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="Command">&gt; JOHN: Zap.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">You zap back into canon. It’s been so long,
      you’d forgotten what it feels like. The atmosphere smacks
      unmistakably of... How can you describe it? Relevance? Legitimacy?
      Funny how you never would have thought to put it that way until you
      left.</p>
      <p>It takes you a moment to recognize where you are, even though
      Rose’s instructions were very specific. A place bright and gaudy
      and filled with the stench of teenage ennui. It’s your old living
      room on the gold battleship, where you spent three years caught up
      in a lot of weird, furry romantic drama while learning to unlove
      everything you once held sacred. Three long, boring years. Years
      that, technically speaking, never even happened, now that you think
      of it. You have the very retcon powers that just brought you back
      here to thank for that.</p>
      <p>You barely have time to take in the sick, nostalgic feeling that
      all the globes and Tangle Buddies and avant-garde mime art evokes.
      The fridge pops open and out roll Aranea and Gamzee. Gamzee honks
      and his codpiece jiggles ominously. Aranea staggers to her feet,
      looking rather pleased with herself. Until she notices you and
      gapes in bewilderment.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="aranea">ARANEA: What are you doing here?!</p>
      </div>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Rose was perfectly clear about what to do
      next.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">You make a fist, and sort of flinch and look
      away when you do it. No matter how many years you’ve spent living
      on a planet with absolute gender parity, this feels wrong. Still,
      you hit Aranea pretty fucking hard, underestimating your own
      strength just as badly as you did the last time you clobbered a
      hapless Serket. She goes flying back, hits the couch, and KOs
      instantly into a pile of Smuppets. You then take her wrist in your
      hand, slide the ring off her finger, and pocket it.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Isn’t there something you’re
      forgetting?</p>
      <p class="no-indent">Gamzee stares up at you with his horrible,
      limpid eyes. There’s something serene, sinister, and sensual all at
      once about the look he’s laying on you. It sends a shiver up the
      whole length of your spine. Fuck no.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Do everyone a favor and put an end to his
      preposterous narrative relevance.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">You wisely decide that this clown will lend
      nothing valuable to the narrative whatsoever if he is allowed to
      remain outside of your childhood refrigerator. You put both hands
      on his chest and shove him into the fridge where he belongs. He
      goes easily, issuing only a pair of weak honks in protest. You slam
      the fridge shut and resolve to never think about Gamzee Makara
      again.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Zap to the next plot point.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>