<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Prologue - Chapter 1</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Prologue'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s2'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 1</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">I</span>t starts
      with a crack. Everything else rises up from that like steam: a
      trembling thread that cuts through space in jagged lines,
      splintering the void into razor-sharp shards of putrefying leptons
      and quarks popping apart like raw eggs in a microwave. It’s coming
      undone at a subatomic level, from the bottom up, from the inside
      out. From the top down it looks like the eye of a storm—a black
      hole so supermassive that it spans the width of eternity. It turns
      infinity into something as thin and fragile as cellophane; shreds
      it of its dimensions, a piece of paper pinched together at either
      end, a hole poked through it.</p>
      <p>At the center of that hole the edges can be heard fraying.
      Pandemonium, as continuity buckles in the middle and the two ends
      come smashing together. Around the hole, ghosts scream. They claw
      at the dying borders of their dreams with fingernail-chipping
      desperation. They whip together like the wind, trailing the
      mutilated streaks of their hypothetical futures with them. It’s a
      multifractal neon cyclone of primordial conclusion. A churning
      blender of hyperfinal, catastrophically terminal, overwhelmingly
      permanent double-death. The screaming distorts and plunges low as
      it gets closer to the cavity.</p>
      <p>At the center, that distortion turns into an eerie music. That’s
      where the cacophony ends—the shattering, the screaming, the
      squelching, the sounds of elemental particles being torn apart like
      string cheese shoved through a meat grinder, then dumped down a
      strangely melodious garbage disposal. It all returns to the same
      tonic dominant, matching pitch and tone, ironing out the rebellious
      flats and sharps until the discordance becomes exquisite. A
      subharmonic symphony that can only be heard in the bones. At the
      <em>dead center</em> of the event, it is extremely quiet. A silence
      made of all the suffering that limitless sempiternity can hold,
      bleeding together until the prism turns to obsidian. It’s too vast
      to comprehend, too black to behold without closing your eyes.
      Retreating to the back of your own eyelids is to seek the comfort
      of a familiar darkness. It is to reject an absolute tenebrosity so
      perfectly alien, it threatens to rip the humanity right through
      your eye sockets.</p>
      <p>This is the end of everything. This is the end of Paradox Space.
      You...</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Wake up.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">Your name is John Egbert, and you have just
      had a terrible, deeply pretentious nightmare. You snap out of bed,
      soaked in sweat, your heart hammering like a fire alarm. It is just
      as you feared.</p>
      <p>You’ve been dreaming in anime again. And you have no idea what
      it could mean.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Look outside just to make absolutely sure
      the world is not ending.</p>
      <p>The sun is coming in through your window in bars of soft yellow.
      The only sound you can hear for miles is the wind skimming the
      hollows of your neighbors’ pipe homes. It’s a normal day in the
      salamander village, which you refer to as Salamander Village
      because the damned salamanders never bothered to give this village
      a name, you guess. Absolutely nothing of note has ever happened
      here in the entire history of the planet, which you would know,
      because you created it.</p>
      <p>Beside your pillow, your phone is vibrating. Rose is calling.
      The screen of your phone reads 9:30 a.m. April 13, and also the
      number forty-six, which is how many text messages your friend left
      you while you were sleeping. A bit excessive, even for her.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Answer the phone.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Since when are you known to operate your
      telephone?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: since... i don’t know. has it really been
      that long since i called?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I can’t remember the last time.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: neither can i. anyway, what’s up?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: First of all, happy birthday.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, yeah. thanks.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: fuck, i forgot.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Am I correct in presuming this April
      Thirteenth will be as uneventful as the last?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, i don’t want to do anything this year.
      i hope that’s ok.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Of course it’s ok. It’s your birthday after
      all.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: rose...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yes?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You wander to the window and watch the
      salamanders go about their day. All over the neighborhood, the
      little dad-salamanders are putting on their little rumpled hats and
      picking up their little suitcases and kissing their little families
      goodbye for the day. You’ve always been confused about what,
      exactly, they contribute to the global economy. But it’s pretty
      cute how much they love playing at being suburban businessmen.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">The silence over the phone is growing awkward.
      You’ve stalled long enough. You decide to just come out and say
      it.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’ve been dreaming in anime again lately.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i have no idea what it could mean.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I see.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s horrible, every time.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and i don’t mean because anime is bad or
      anything. it’s not that.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: whenever i have these dreams, everything’s
      breaking apart.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: millions of people are screaming and
      dying.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, dying permanently. not the kind of
      bullshit dying that we’ve been doing a lot over the years.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">A couple yards over, a salamander blows an
      astounding spit bubble. Truly one for the books. Your eyes trace
      its meandering journey into the sky as you gather your
      thoughts.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: what do you think it all means?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: What do I think ‘what’ means?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what do you think it means that i’ve been
      dreaming in anime?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I don’t have the slightest idea what it means
      that you’ve been dreaming in anime, John.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: To be honest, I...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You wait for Rose to finish her thought. She
      doesn’t, which is troubling because you have never known Rose to
      leave a thought unfinished in over ten years of acquaintance. You
      suppose it’s possible it may have happened one of the times she
      died. You wouldn’t bet on it though.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: rose... are you ok?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Not exactly.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what’s wrong?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I think my condition’s been getting worse
      lately.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: condition?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It’s why my message probably sounded
      urgent.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you left 46 messages.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yes. They were all urgent.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I don’t think I can wait much longer before
      telling you.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I held out for as long as I could. I figured
      your birthday was as good a time as any to let you know.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: let me know what?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It’s crept up on me, these last couple of
      years.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Gradually enough to ignore as it was
      happening, but I can’t anymore.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Lately the visions have been
      overwhelming.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: visions??</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: John, I have terrible headaches these days.
      Talking on the phone doesn’t help at all.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Would you mind flying to my apartment, so we
      can continue this in person?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, yeah. you mean...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: now?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yes, now is the time.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I’ve put it off long enough.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You move the phone away from your ear and
      assume an expression you haven’t practiced in years. It is the look
      of a man who actually has something to do. Holding the phone
      directly in front of your face, you speak into the receiver.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok, i’m on my way. bye, rose.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">As you hang up the phone, a familiar feeling
      settles over you. A feeling of...standing? Standing, and being
      alone. In your bedroom. As a young man. On your birthday. You swear
      you’ve felt this feeling before. It’s almost like...</p>
      <p>A young man stands alone in his bedroom. It just so happens that
      today, the 13th of April, is this young man’s birthday. Though it
      was twenty-three years ago when he was given life, and ten years
      ago when he was given a name, it feels like it is only today that
      he will begin to understand what all that means.</p>
      <p class="Normal ParaOverride-7"><span class="Standard-Text">That
      young man is YOU, John Egbert.</span></p>
      <p class="Normal ParaOverride-7"><span class="Standard-Text">What
      will you do?</span></p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>