<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Prologue - Chapter 2</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Prologue'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s3'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 2</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm line-caption line-copy pad-x-0 pad-x-lg pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm">W</span>hen you
      arrive at Rose’s apartment, you find her asleep on the couch. You
      slide the balcony door open, quietly.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: rose?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Her eyes flutter open. She looks like a ghost,
      and not the kind of ghost that looks and acts exactly like an alive
      person.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: How... how long have I been sleeping?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i dunno. i just got here.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: are you ok?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I’ll be fine.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that looks like a lot of pills you’re taking
      there.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yeah. It’s not what you’re thinking
      though.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what am i thinking?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: These are controlled substances that have
      been prescribed by a legitimate doctor to ease the symptoms of my
      condition. I am using them only as instructed.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok??</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: So there’s nothing to worry about.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but you said you have a condition. isn’t
      that...bad?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You watch her rise in stages. Her arm is
      trembling where she’s bracing it on the couch.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Oh. Yes. The condition itself is not ideal,
      obviously. And perhaps it does constitute something to worry about,
      in the context of a different conversation. All I’m trying to say
      is, I’m not backsliding, if that’s what you’re wondering.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You spend several pregnant moments saying
      nothing at all in response to this. You examine Rose’s supine,
      languid form on the couch, optimistic that she will continue
      speaking any moment now.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I struggled with substance abuse for a while,
      years ago. Remember?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: rose, jesus. i wasn’t going to accuse you of
      being a drug addict, and i didn’t fly over here to give you an
      intervention.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it sounded like you had some important stuff
      to tell me, and the fact that you also seem to be sick is more than
      a little alarming!</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I wouldn’t say I’m sick.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Just having spectacularly debilitating
      headaches as a result of my visions becoming more frequent.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh yeah.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what are these visions you’re having?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I’m a Seer of Light, John.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i know.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so you mean like, your standard psychic
      visions about the future and stuff?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what’s going to happen? should we be
      worried?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It doesn’t technically pertain to the future.
      Well, not our future.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: My abilities have broadened considerably
      beyond their previous horizon. They shed light on many unseen
      events. Past, present, future, in realities and frames of reference
      that have no intersection with ours at all.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It seems to be an unfortunate side effect of
      god tier abilities. They can advance at a rate beyond one’s
      physical ability to keep up with.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Fortunately it doesn’t seem to be happening
      to anyone other than me.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, can’t say i’ve noticed anything like
      that.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: or improvement in my powers for that
      matter.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It’s not about gaining additional power, so
      much as the gradual dissolving of the boundaries between your own
      awareness and that of your many doomed selves who perished in other
      timelines.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It’s a slow and apparently rather
      uncomfortable accretion of knowledge. Perhaps I’m the only one to
      notice any change, since my aspect explicitly relates to
      knowledge.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i guess that all makes sense.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so what are these visions showing you?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Many things. They’re quite disjointed, and
      sometimes hard to rearrange into coherence.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: But in totality, I have pieced together a
      greater understanding of our present situation and all the events
      that led us here.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You watch Rose stagger to her feet and cross
      the apartment. At the kitchenette, she knocks back another pill
      with a practiced motion, no water. Her vacant stare drills into the
      countertop as she quietly waits for the medication to take
      effect.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...and?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: And what?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what is it about our situation that you
      wanted to tell me?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: is it bad?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Good and bad are words that don’t mean
      anything, beyond a certain threshold of mortal consideration.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: There’s a different scale I’ve come to
      understand. Another dichotomy that’s less... emotional, I
      guess?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Consider, instead of the word “good,” using
      the word “essential.”</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: And what exists at the opposite polarity from
      essential is...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Something that is best not to
      contemplate.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what are you talking about?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: this sounds fucked up.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yes, that sounds like a reaction you would
      definitely have to the things I’m telling you.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I really should cut it out, and just start
      from the beginning.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You follow Rose to the balcony. She raises a
      hand and points directly into the clear blue sky. She points with
      purpose, as if to say, <span class="Standard-Text CharOverride-14">there</span></p>
      <p>. Right there, precisely, is where the green sun would be, if it
      still existed.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: The green sun is gone.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what??</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It has been destroyed. At least, from the
      current frame of reference it has.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It still existed, and therefore in a way
      that’s hard to explain, currently exists, over a nearly infinite
      span of time, presiding over the birth and death of countless
      universes.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: But this universe, our universe, is not one
      of them.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you saw this in a vision?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: No. Jade told me.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: she did?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: how does she know?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: She can’t draw from its power anymore. She no
      longer has the ability of a First Guardian.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It has been this way for several years. I
      suspect she has kept this fact on the downlow, however.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: surprising, i guess?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: or maybe not. i dunno, it’s not like she
      tells me a whole lot these days.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It’s also not like she’s had any particular
      need to unleash the full fury of the green sun, not while she’s
      been gallivanting around with Dave and Karkat under whatever
      perplexing social arrangement they have settled on.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Anyway, her account of the sun’s destruction
      syncs up with the data supplied by my visions. I have no doubt it’s
      gone.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: how did that happen?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It doesn’t matter much, for our purposes.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: There was a cataclysmic event. A suicide
      strike by a very powerful being. Much like the one Dave and I
      attempted, once upon a time.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: But it turned out the explosive force we
      released was only a catalyst. A causal gesture. What was needed to
      destroy the sun was a consumptive assault.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: consumptive?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: The entire sun was swallowed by a
      supermassive black hole.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I digress though.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You press your eyes shut, just for a moment.
      Behind them you see <em>a black hole so supermassive that it spans
      the width of eternity.</em></p>
      <p>You quickly open your eyes again, and pretend to forget what you
      just saw.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: There’s really no route through this
      expository garden path that will adequately cushion you from the
      bottom line, John.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: You will need to travel back into canon and
      defeat Lord English.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You...</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Shrug and try to look casual.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">You pull off the most casual shrug that a guy
      has ever shrugged when being presented with the inevitability of
      his own fate. If Rose were looking at you right now, she would be
      totally convinced that you are approaching this topic with a level
      of nonchalance that is entirely plausible and genuine. You’re sure
      of it.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, i had a feeling that was going to come
      up again someday.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I’m sure we all did. That is, even those of
      us without visions.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i was doing my best not to think about it. i
      guess we can’t put it off any longer then?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Now is the time. We are rapidly approaching a
      point of no return. If the decision isn’t made soon, it will be too
      late. The issue will no longer matter.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: when exactly is the point of no return?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Today.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wow.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok then.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: first, one question. um...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: why?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Why what?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: why do i need to go back and beat him?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, sorry if this is a stupid question. i
      guess he’s a huge awful monster, and that’s just what you’re
      supposed to do with huge awful monsters. take them down for their
      crimes, and such.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but why does he actually need to be defeated
      at all? to be honest, it’s been years since we’ve even bothered
      thinking about any of this, and everything seems...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Take a look around and survey the current
      status of all life on Earth, which is totally possible to do from
      the vantage point of a single apartment balcony.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: fine?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Of course everything is fine here.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: We’re outside of canon now.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, i know. what does that actually MEAN
      though?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: are you saying this isn’t really
      happening?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Of course it’s happening.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Just because certain events take place
      outside of canon, it doesn’t mean those events are non-canon.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: In other words, there is an important
      distinction between events which can be considered to occur inside
      canon, outside canon, and those which are not canon at all.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: The day we went through that door and claimed
      our reward, we passed a threshold between continua marked by
      differing degrees of relevance, truth, and essentiality.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Those are the three pillars of canon.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose shoots you an irritated look. You know
      what that look means. It’s reserved for the sort of bozo who just
      said “what” once too often.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Any event said to take place inside canon
      will have nonzero values of relevance and essentiality, while
      maintaining an absolute foundation in truth, by definition.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Whereas events outside canon have diminished
      values of relevance and essentiality. Or, for the most part, can be
      considered neither relevant nor essential at all.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: But such events can’t be said to be untrue
      either. Instead, it’s better to regard their truth value as highly
      conditional.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Are you still following?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Say “oh, yeah. totally.”</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh, yeah. totally.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: So to be clear, everything that’s taken place
      here on Earth C since we exited canon can be considered completely
      irrelevant, and for the most part, absolutely inessential. Yet none
      of it can be called untrue.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: At least, up until precisely today.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: then what does non-canon mean?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Events that are formally non-canon have no
      truth whatsoever, by definition.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: They may have relevance and essentiality
      values that are nonzero, or even quite high, but only as
      projections along an imaginary axis, resulting from highly
      subjective frames of reference.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: But due to those events having no truth, and
      thus carrying no real weight, the other properties are basically
      rendered meaningless.</p>
      </div>
      <p>You can feel your eyes go wide as the gears in your head slow to
      a stop. The implications of what Rose is saying are as vast as they
      are completely incomprehensible. Your mind has just been BLOWN.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: John?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Are you okay? Your pupils have gone quite
      wide, thereby facilitating the appearance that your mind has just
      been blown.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: sorry, i’m just trying to wrap my head around
      this.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: You of all people really should have a good
      intuitive grasp over these concepts already.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: You’re the one with the retcon powers, after
      all.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i know!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like, i mostly get it. i think.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i just wouldn’t have thought to put all of
      this in such a jargony way.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Sorry. That’s kind of what I do.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s fine. i’m just a bit rusty is all.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it feels like it’s been so long since i did,
      or even thought about... anything that mattered at all.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yes, the longer we live outside of canon, the
      more tenuous our relationship with canon becomes.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Hence the urgency.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: then what’s going to happen if we keep
      dragging our feet?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I mentioned that events outside canon have a
      truth value that tends to be conditional, remember?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: um.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Well, I did. But let me put it another
      way.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: As long as we live outside canon, everything
      that happens will technically be “real,” but only
      conditionally.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: There are certain crucial events inside canon
      which must happen in order to continue to prop up the legitimacy of
      events here on Earth C.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: And you specifically, John, have a
      responsibility to make sure those events take place.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: and i take it that means going back and
      killing lord english?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yes.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: His defeat is the keystone to this entire
      continuity.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Much like his life, in some sick way,
      governed the overall design of the bridge which that keystone was
      holding up.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: But without it, all of this falls apart.
      Every thing we’ve been through, in a way that’s impossible for a
      single mind to fully comprehend, becomes retroactively
      discredited.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so... reality will be destroyed, or
      something?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: hasn’t that already sort of happened?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, when all the black space started
      cracking?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: No, this consequence isn’t physical, or even
      a disruption of the timeline. It’s more of a conceptual
      unraveling.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: If you miss the chance to authenticate canon
      events, something will take place that’s a bit difficult to
      describe, but I’ve encountered a term for it.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It’s called “dissipation.”</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Like, a notional fading. As if something,
      somewhere, is undergoing a process of “forgetting,” and we are what
      is being forgotten.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: All ideas, people and their full
      potentialities, possible outcomes and their specific unfolding, all
      these things live inside conscious frameworks.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: The further removed we get from
      authentication of canon events, the less relevant they become, and
      they slowly fade from the conscious frameworks which kept them
      stable.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Make a theatrically startled
      expression.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok, i guess we don’t want THAT to happen.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: or... unhappen. whatever.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: so i just retcon-poof back to english and
      start like...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: brawling with the dude?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Don’t be ridiculous. You wouldn’t last a
      second.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: You’ll need a team.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Also, you don’t want to just dive headlong
      into a battle with his hulking adult form. That would be tactically
      foolish, and furthermore, would skip over some very important steps
      needed to authenticate canon.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like what?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I mentioned that English’s defeat was the
      keystone to the continuity. But this is an oversimplification.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yikes. well, we sure as fuck wouldn’t want to
      simplify anything.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: John, please don’t be a bitch. I’m unwell,
      remember?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: sorry.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: The true keystone, which is a necessary
      component of his defeat, is the juju.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: The house-shaped object you stuck your hand
      in to gain your retcon powers.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh yeah.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: While empty, it resembles a gap. Like a hole
      in canon, whose only purpose is to be filled.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: In serving that purpose, it grants one with
      the radical canon-altering powers that would be needed to fill
      it.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Once filled, it becomes solid. No longer a
      gap, but a serviceable, load-bearing wedge in our continuity.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Like a keystone.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: And once delivered to English and directed
      his way, it empties itself again, releasing its narrative-bridging
      payload. It functions as a weapon, and in some manner will bring
      about his demise.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: in some manner?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It’s a complicated artifact. As old and
      unfathomable as anything else in Paradox Space, like the green sun,
      or English himself. Don’t worry about it for now.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: The important thing is that, in the due
      course of your travels, you end up loading and unloading this
      weapon.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: how am i going to do that?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Once you set things in motion, it should just
      happen naturally through the narrative momentum of your journey.
      I’m really just warning you about it, rather than instructing
      you.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok. thanks??</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: You’re welcome.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose looks at her phone. You recognize
      Kanaya’s distinct typing style in the window. Rose’s thumbs begin
      to fly across the keypad. She continues to text as she talks.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: so if we’re going to go back and kill him in
      time to “authenticate canon,” i guess we have to get going
      soon.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like today?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yes.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: are you sure you’re actually up for a fight
      though? no offense, but you’re looking a little worse for the
      wear.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I’m not going.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: None of us are. Only you.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what?? but you said...</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: John, this is the victory state.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what the hell does that even mean.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: When we went through the door, and passed
      beyond the threshold of canon, we effectively retired from bearing
      any responsibility for influencing canon events. We’ve all been
      sort of decommissioned as active players on the cosmic stage, with
      severely diminished relevance attributes.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: All of us except for you, of course, since
      you’ve retained your retcon abilities.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ok, i get that. kind of.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but... couldn’t you all just come along
      anyway?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: We could. But it wouldn’t serve any
      purpose.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It wouldn’t plug up the remaining dark spots
      in canon.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: You’ll need a group of active players. Those
      still stuck inside the stream of canonic karma.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: who?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Nothing too extravagant. Just different
      versions of us.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Younger versions, from a particularly
      dysfunctional impasse in our journey.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I can point out the exact moment in canon you
      should be disrupting, and how you should disrupt it.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: In fact, I’ve already written it down to
      spare you the trouble of remembering.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose leads you back inside and retrieves a
      letter from her desk. She hands it over, still typing one-handed on
      her phone. She sits down and you read the letter.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: huh.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Is anything confusing about my
      instructions?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: no, i remember all this. it shouldn’t be a
      problem.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s just weird to think about revisiting
      this. it seems like an eternity. like... we were all completely
      different people back then.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I assure you we are all still fundamentally
      the same bunch of losers.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose is ultimately right about that, the way
      she is about most things. You continue to scan the letter, and
      grimace slightly.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: should i really punch her in the face?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i felt kinda bad about it, last time i did
      that to someone.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yes. You absolutely should, and must, punch
      her in the face.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You exhale and turn the paper over in your
      hands. The other side is blank. You flip it back over, having fully
      processed the instructions drafted in the polished purple
      handwriting. You like how Rose still writes in purple, after all
      these years. Some things never change.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: alright. this seems straightforward
      enough.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean, aside from the part where we all have
      to fight an invincible monster.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: He isn’t entirely invincible. He will be
      vulnerable to Dave’s weapon. I believe other gambits should present
      themselves as well.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: I don’t think it would serve the mission well
      for me to tell you exactly how it will go.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: But at least I can offer this bit of
      encouragement.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: If you follow my instructions, English will
      be defeated.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: It is an absolutely essential outcome.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: And essential, if you’ll remember, is the
      word we should be using instead of good.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i see you’re advising we go after him when
      he’s young...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i guess that makes sense.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: go get him before he gets all big and
      strong.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like, kind of a surprise attack?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Sure.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that dude sucks.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: he was taunting me a while back.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: like, i think he WANTS me to come fight
      him?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: anyway, i just ignored him obviously, because
      i’m not a stupid idiot.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but i guess today will be his lucky day.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You take a seat next to Rose on the couch.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Examine your friend.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">Her eyes are closed and her hands are folded
      in her lap. She’s not asleep, but she looks wasted—like all the
      life in her has been sucked out through a straw. Like she’s
      insubstantial. When you were kids you always thought that Rose
      Lalonde had all the answers, that she could fix any problem with a
      wall of text and a witty rejoinder. You guess that much about her
      hasn’t changed. She’s still trying to solve the problems you all
      left behind. You can’t believe how sick she looks. How did this
      happen to her?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i should probably get going and let you
      rest.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: we can talk all about it when i get back.
      i’ll fill you in on how it went, hopefully you’ll be feeling better
      by then.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Oh. Um.</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yeah.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: is something wrong?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose opens her eyes and looks at you, but she
      says nothing. Just looks.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i’m not scared, if that’s what you’re worried
      about.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you already said we’re going to defeat him.
      so, nothing to fret over, right?</p>
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Yes. You...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Something flickers through her eyes, almost
      too quick to catch. When she smiles at you, it’s warm and
      sincere.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: You’re going to do great.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Rose slides her arms around you. After a
      while, she releases you from the embrace and gets up to fetch her
      bottle of pills. She pauses at the bedroom door to look at you one
      more time.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small">
      <p class="rose">ROSE: Goodbye, John.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She closes the door behind her.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Look at the letter.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">Your run your thumbs along the edge of the
      paper. Is this really it? One hug from Rose and you’re off to face
      your destiny? The instructions in the letter are clear, but you
      aren’t sure precisely what to do next. Inertia and indecision keep
      your feet planted firmly on the carpet.</p>
      <p>Then, as if directly answering your quandary, your phone buzzes
      in your pocket. It’s a text from Roxy.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Read text.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">It sounds important. You get up to go without
      even thinking about it. You exit through the sliding glass door and
      leave it open behind you.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>