<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns='http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'>
<head profile='http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/'>
    <meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;'/>
    <title>The Homestuck Epilogues: Prologue - Chapter 3</title>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.title' content='The Homestuck Epilogues: Prologue'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.language' content='en' scheme='DCTERMS.RFC4646'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.source' content='MFW'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.issued' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.creator' content='EpubPress'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.contributor' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.modified' content='{$issued}' scheme='DCTERMS.W3CDTF'/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.provenance' content=''/>
    <meta name='DCTERMS.subject' content='Unknown'/>
    <link rel='schema.DC' href='http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTERMS' href='http://purl.org/dc/terms/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCTYPE' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='schema.DCAM' href='http://purl.org/dc/dcam/' hreflang='en'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' href='../Styles/ebook.css'/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id='s4'></div>
    <div>
      <h1>Chapter 3</h1>
      <div class="o-story_text o_epilogue type-rg type-sm--md line-caption line-copy--md pad-x-0 pad-x-lg--md pad-b-lg">
      <p class="no-indent"><span class="opener type-hs-opener-rg type-hs-opener-sm--md">I</span>t’s a
      beautiful day in the Carapace Kingdom, just like it was in the
      Human Kingdom and just like it was in Salamander Village. For
      whatever faults this paradise you created might have, you sure
      don’t hear many complaints about the weather. You’re sitting with
      Roxy and Calliope on a giant, chessboard-pattern tablecloth. It’s a
      nice touch, you think. But if you spent any time shopping in the
      Carapace Kingdom, you’d know most things you can buy are chess
      themed.</p>
      <p>Friendly carapacians go about their day around you, passing
      through the park with their eyes politely averted as they pretend
      not to notice that three celebrities are having lunch in the grass
      nearby. It’s extra polite of them, because you and Roxy are having
      a very personal conversation.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: she looked alright. mostly just tired.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: at least she seemed to have enough energy to
      babble at length about philosophical gibberish, and things about
      canon and such.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: lmao</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: guess she filled you in on all the ultimate
      self junk then</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: the what?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: the shit where she starts knowing everything
      and feelin bad</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: oh. that’s not the term she used. she just
      kept describing it as a condition.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: you haven’t been feeling anything like that,
      right?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: what getting to know my ultimate self?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: man ive barely got a hold of my basic ass
      self</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: heh.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: yeah, she said she was the only one going
      through this, that she knew of.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: poor rose.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: at least all that medication seems to be
      keeping her sort of functional.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Roxy gives you a serious, sidelong glance.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Remember that whole totally unprovoked
      spiel Rose gave you about substance abuse.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: she said it wasn’t like that!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i mean... she said it was under control.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: well, what the fuck do i know. the only
      illicit substance i’ve ever done is lick that STUPID trickster
      lollipop.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: NEVER AGAIN.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yeah w/e</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: cant say its much my business anymore</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: rose and i arent as close as we used to
      be</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You nod, sort of knowingly, because you’re
      thinking about how you hadn’t talked to Rose in ages either. Roxy
      gives you a quizzical look, but you turn away before she can draw
      meaning from it.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: maryams been keeping her real busy since they
      got hitched</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: they both vanished down the brooding caverns
      and that was p much that</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: only since she got sick and spent more time
      at home did we start talkin more again</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: its been great but our conversations have
      been a lil bit upsetting</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">And, here it comes. The thing you were trying
      to avoid thinking about the moment Roxy texted you, about how you
      haven’t talked to Roxy in ages either. You were having such a nice
      time ignoring that fact, too.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Change the subject.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: so, are you and callie still living at the
      same place i last saw? the one near the tower?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You look towards the bell tower in the
      distance. It’s a gothic building so tall that it cuts a shadow
      through the midday sun. It’s an important landmark in the
      kingdom—the tallest structure for miles around—and the only way you
      can ever navigate your way here flying. Carapace architecture is
      otherwise identic, a reflection of their functional, collectivist
      society.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yup</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s cool.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it’s a nice place.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: yeah i like it here</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: ive thought about it but ill probably never
      wanna live in a different kingdom</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: still feel most at home around the chess
      guys</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: makes sense.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: that’s about how i feel about the
      salamanders.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: which... i realize actually makes no fucking
      sense.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: haha</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: they lead simple lives.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: i don’t really care for the chaos of human or
      troll cities.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: neither do we</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">You watch Roxy smile and reach for Calliope’s
      hand.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Look away before you start dwelling on
      it.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">You start dwelling on it immediately, looking
      probably quite conspicuous with how quickly you whipped your gaze
      away. But seriously, what <em>is</em> up with their relationship?
      Is it romantic? Platonic? Can cherubs even have a romantic
      relationship? Are they even <em>interested</em> in it, like, on a
      fundamental level? Do their brains and hearts even work that way?
      Questions like this used to keep you awake at night.</p>
      <p>You look at them, at where Roxy’s fingers are entwined with
      Calliope’s green claws. Calliope is still wearing the Ring of Life.
      The same one you obtained in a ludicrous adventure through the
      afterlife, and then re-obtained in a ludicrous adventure through
      canon when it was stolen from you. It’s the same one that allowed
      Calliope to stop being dead in the first place, and to come live
      with your friends here on your beautifully renovated home planet.
      And it’s the same one you gave Roxy all those years ago, to fulfill
      a promise made to a very special new friend.</p>
      <p>At the time, the gesture felt so important. It felt more
      meaningful than any gift you’d ever given. Like there was some
      grand emotional gravitas about it that signified something deeper
      than... than what it turned out to be.</p>
      <p>You have since concluded you were just imagining things.
      Ascribing symbolic meaning to gestures that they simply didn’t
      carry, like the dumb kid you were.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Tactfully avoid saying anything at all
      about Roxy and Calliope’s weird, ambiguous relationship.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: uh, so...</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">But you can’t stop thinking about it. What
      goes on in Roxy’s head. What she thinks about you.</p>
      <p>You and all your friends have dispositions affected by your
      classes and aspects. You think you know what that means in your
      case. But what about her? You can only speculate. Void is a place
      where things sink and disappear. Where they linger forever, but
      cease to exist. You aren’t actually sure if your feelings for Roxy
      ever really faded, or if they just grew numb with time and
      distance. Is it the same for her?</p>
      <p>You search your soul for the answer, but come up empty. The
      truth is, you suspect her mental interior is unfathomable. In fact,
      you feel sure of it.</p>
      <p>You wonder suddenly, watching her. This version of her, that is.
      The one with whom you share all these bittersweet memories—will you
      ever see her again?</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: ahem.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: john!</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: what?</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: please forgive me if i come across as
      impatient. bUt if we are finished with the pleasantries, i believe
      yoU have a choice to make.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: huh?</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: the choice as to whether yoU will go
      defeat my brother, or stay here.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: have yoU decided yet?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: there’s a choice??</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Calliope is smiling brightly, but Roxy’s face
      has no expression at all.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="john">JOHN: i was just assuming i had to go.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: because if i don’t, then...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: a lot of stuff will stop being real. or i
      mean, stop being canon?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: to tell you the truth, i’m a little confused
      about what will happen if i don’t go.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: but it sounds like it will probably be
      bad!</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: that may be so.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: we are not here to caUtion yoU aboUt
      the conseqUences of yoUr decision either way.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: bUt there is always a choice!</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: roxy and i merely wished to invite
      yoU here for a nice hUman picnic, and show oUr sUpport for
      whichever decision yoU make.</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: tbh its a relief to finally be doin this</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: it is?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: mm hm</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: how much have you actually... talked about
      this? i mean, how many people knew this was going to be a
      thing?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: just us and rose. well dirk too i think</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: shes been talkin to me about it a bunch</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: and him too but i dunno how much</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: hes got like</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: “thoughts” about all this shit</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: but whatever thats not important or even
      remotely surprising</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: bottom line, rose has been tormenting herself
      about having to tell you</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: im just glad she finally said it so she can
      rest</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: now its up to you</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: yes. take all the time yoU need.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: again, we aren’t here to inflUence
      yoU. it’s very important that the decision come from yoUr desire to
      go throUgh with it, one way or another.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: any tampering coUld taint the
      resUlts.</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: taint the...</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: wait, what?</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: so whatll it be john</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">A chill runs through you and stays there.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Consider the gravitas of this choice.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">You try, but you can’t, because you weren’t
      really prepared for it. You didn’t think it was a choice at all
      until this very second. You think back to the way Rose looked at
      you before she went to bed. What has she told Roxy that she didn’t
      tell you? The chill tightens around your throat and turns into
      fear.</p>
      <p>No, not fear. The feeling is worse than that. It’s
      <em>regret</em>.</p>
      <p>You wasted your time here on this idyllic restoration of Earth.
      Why did you spend so much time alone? Moping around the house
      mourning your dead father, who probably would have wanted you to
      get more enjoyment out of your teen years, as well as your
      unusually early retirement. There’s so much you could have done.
      You could have even reached out to Roxy again; maybe she was
      waiting for you to do that. Maybe your withdrawal hurt her. Maybe
      she was heartbroken, just like you kind of feel right now. You
      study her perfectly stoic face and conclude nothing from it. Her
      expression reminds you of how Dave used to look, when you first met
      for real, before years of living with Karkat softened him up.
      Impenetrable cool.</p>
      <p>It’s too late to figure any of this out now. You fucked it up
      already.</p>
      <p>Unless, of course, you choose to stay.</p>
      <p>Upon further examination, you realize that Roxy’s stoicism isn’t
      cold. There’s concern there. She is displaying restraint, keeping
      quiet while you make up your mind. You’re sweating, you realize.
      Cold sweat. Even worse than the anime nightmare sweat you woke up
      soaked in this morning.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: john u ok?</p>
      <p class="john">JOHN: ...</p>
      <p class="roxy">ROXY: looked like you were gonna pass out there for
      a second</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Suddenly, Calliope bolts upright.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: of coUrse! what was i thinking.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: this decision is far too important to
      be made on an empty stomach.</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">She fetches the picnic basket, which naturally
      has been sitting there on the tablecloth since the moment you
      arrived.</p>
      <div class="chat type-rg type-hs-small--md">
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: here, before yoU choose which path
      yoU’re going to take, yoU shoUld decide what yoU’d like to eat!</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: i have packed a wide variety of
      provisions. easily enoUgh to satisfy even the most ravenoUs
      picnic-goer’s appetite.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: behold, an array of savory delights
      for the carnally inclined.</p>
      <p class="calliope">CALLIOPE: or perhaps something for yoUr sweet
      tooth, if a lUst for treats is what stokes yoUr desire?</p>
      </div>
      <p class="no-indent">Calliope produces two dishes from the basket
      and begins gingerly unwrapping them. The unwrapping is so ginger,
      in fact, that there’s something almost dramatic about it. Like the
      opening theme to that boring sci-fi movie with the monolith and the
      bone-throwing monkeys should be playing as she peels away the
      cheesecloth.</p>
      <p>On one plate is a pile of meat: rare, almost bleeding cuts from
      animals you can’t identify. The other plate holds a generous heap
      of colorful, exotic-looking candy. You scoot to the side and peek
      into the basket to see if there’s anything else. There’s a book in
      there, but no more food. This is all there is.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Contemplate your lunch.</p>
      <p class="no-indent">You put a finger to your lips and focus on the
      food with great intensity. You stop fretting about choices, and
      heartbreak, and eternity, and Lord English. Your entire world
      narrows to a single point of light as you are utterly consumed by
      the overbearing decision about which of these absurd meals to have
      for lunch.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; MEAT or CANDY?</p>
      <p class="no-indent">Meat or candy. The two possibilities pinball
      around your skull. Meat or candy. It’s a tough choice. On any other
      day you might be inclined to simply follow the whims of your
      cravings, but no clear victor surges to the forefront of your
      mind.</p>
      <p>Either option offers a tempting means of sustenance. You know
      the meat will be rich and filling, and if you’re being honest with
      yourself, you haven’t had the most robust diet as of late. You
      didn’t even have breakfast. It’s probably a good idea to eat
      something resembling a real meal for once.</p>
      <p>But you’re no stranger to Calliope’s tastes, as far as
      carnivorous comestibles are concerned. You know every cut on that
      plate is rare to the core. It’ll fill your mouth to bursting with
      juice, lie heavy on your stomach for hours to come as your body
      works to break down all the nutritious protein and fat.</p>
      <p>It might be tough to chew. It might be even tougher to
      swallow.</p>
      <p>Maybe the candy is the better choice for a picnic like this.
      Something that’ll go down easy and fill you with bright energy as
      you pass the time with your friends. You know you need to just let
      go sometimes, and stop worrying so much about what other people
      expect of you. Or even what <em>you</em> expect of you. It’s not a
      bad thing to enjoy yourself just for the sake of pleasure.</p>
      <p>But eat too much and all that sweetness could make you sick.</p>
      <p>Roxy and Calliope glance at each other in confusion as you
      deliberate over what to eat. You suppose it’s taking you a while to
      choose, but each dish is appealing enough in certain ways. Each has
      its potential dietary drawbacks. You don’t want to make a decision
      you can’t stomach.</p>
      <p>Meat or candy, John. Meat or candy?</p>
      <p>You release your breath when you realize you’ve been holding it.
      You’re being ridiculous. What’s the sense of fussing over lunch? In
      the end, it really doesn’t matter. Whatever you choose, it’ll all
      be flushed down the toilet tomorrow.</p>
      <p>Just go with your gut. Don’t sweat the small stuff. There are
      much more important things out there to fuck yourself up over.</p>
      <p class="Command">&gt; Choose: <a href="../Text/meat_cover.xhtml">MEAT</a> or <a href="../Text/candy_cover.xhtml">CANDY</a></p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>